who was reputed to have appeared in the museum of mary in 1858 ?
what is the main building's gold dome ?
what is the basilica of the sacred heart ?
what is the grotto ?
what is atop the main building's gold dome ?
when was the scholastic magazine started ?
how many times is the juggler released each year? how many times is the juggler magazine released ?
what is the name of the magazine that is published daily and mainly reporting university and other news often published ?
how many newspapers are in the nine student - run outlets? how many newspapers are published at northwestern ?
what year did the observer begin to show a conservative bias ?
where is the headquarters of the congregation of holy cross's official headquarters ?
what is the name of the main seminary of the congregation of holy cross's main seminary ?
what is the oldest building at washington university ?
who reside in fatima house ?
what prize has buechner praised writers from notre dame and moreau seminary created ?
how many b. s. degrees are offered at ku ?
when was the college of engineering founded ?
what college did the engineering course become a part of in the 1870's ?
how many departments are in the college of engineering ?
in what decade did the college of science begin to offer courses in civil engineering were taught at the college ?
what provides time management, collaborative learning, and resource distribution programs ?
how many undergraduates enroll in the first year of study program are in the first year of study program ?
what program was created in 1962 to guide incoming freshman at notre dame's pres. what program ?
who recognized the washington university learning resource center as outstanding prior to joining the washington university learning resource center ?
in what year did the graduate degree offer graduate degrees ?
what is the name of the graduate program that offers a master of divinity program ?
what program offers a master of education program ?
in what year did northwestern offer graduate degrees in a master of arts program ?
what is the name of the department that offers phd programs ?
what is dedicated to research, education, and outreach on the causes of violent conflict and conditions for sustainable ?
who was hesburgh csc ?
what year was it founded ?
who was the owner of joan b. kroc ?
who bought joan b. kroc ?
how many stories long is the theodore m. hesburgh library ?
what is the name of the library building ?
what year was the hesburgh library completed ?
who designed the famous mosaic created in the front of the library ?
what is the name of the mural that crosses the university's name on the front of the washington ?
how many incoming enrolling students were admitted to enroll in the incoming class enrolling in fall of 2015 ?
what percentage of accepted enrolling in fall of 2015 was accepted at notre dame in fall of 2015 ?
what is the national research university's academic profile of the enrolled class at notre dame in national research ?
what percentage of accepted enrolling at notre dame was admitted to the university of kansas in 2015? what ?
how far did students travel from the university of notre dame to notre dame? how far did the average ?
where did notre dame rank in 2016 in the u. s. in 2016 ?
where did notre dame rank in 2015 in the united states in terms of research universities in the u. ?
what is the ranking of mendoza college of business undergraduate schools in businessweek rank the mendoza college of business ?
who ranked notre dame 10th overall for american universities in 2014 ?
what percentage of the study abroad program choosing to study abroad in 2016? what percentage of the u. ?
who was the director of the science museum and the library of science ?
when was father john augustine zahm's life ?
what department did father john augustine zahm serve as a professor of ?
what was the name of the book published in 1896 ?
what was the name of the professor of chemistry and physics? who was father joseph carrier, c. ?
what year did albert zahm build an early wind tunnel ?
who was the first american to send a wireless message ?
when did professor jerome green first send a wireless message to the first american to send a wireless message ?
who created neoprene ?
what did albert zahm build in 1882 ?
what was the name of the first research organization to begin research in germ - free - life was ?
in what decade did lobund become independent ?
in what year was lobund raised to the status of an institute ?
in what year was lobund brought back into the department of biology ?
when did the lobund institute begin research in germ - free - life began research in germ ?
what was founded in 1939 by gurian ?
what was the review of politics named after ?
for how many years was the review of politics in 1939 ?
what was founded in 1939 by gurian ?
who is the president of northwestern ?
which university did john jenkins believe would become one of the pre - eminent research institutions in the world ?
what is the kroc institute for what is the kroc institute for ?
in what year did northwestern's global adaptation index rank in worldwide rankings of notre dame global adaptation index ?
what is the definition of vulnerable countries annually based on how vulnerable they are to adapt to what climate change ?
how many undergraduates were in the student body at notre dame in 2014? how many undergraduates were ?
what percentage of students at notre dame are from a percentage of students in the u. s. ?
how many teams participate in the annual comics compete with the world's largest outdoor tournament in the world ?
what does the annual afl event raise money for ?
how many students were in the student body of notre dame in 2014 ?
what percentage of undergraduates live at washington university? what percentage of undergraduates live at washington university ?
how many graduate residence complexes are at washington university? how many graduate residence complexes are at washington university ?
how many male residence halls are there at washington university? how many male dorms are there at washington ?
what percentage of graduate students live at washington university? what percentage of graduate students live at washington university ?
how many female residence halls are there at washington university? how many female residence halls are there at washington ?
what is the latin name of the congregation of holy cross ?
what percentage of students identify as christian ?
how often is the catholic mass celebrated on the campus of the catholic mass celebrated per week at the catholic ?
how many chapels are located throughout the campus of notre dame's notre dame chapel? how many chapels ?
what percentage of the student population is catholic? what percentage of the student population is catholic ?
what was the name of the new main building that was opened at the time of the fire ?
when was the library collection destroyed in the bombing of the library building destroyed in the bombing of the library ?
who was the founder of washington university ?
when was construction of the library collection started ?
what is the name of the science hall now known as washington hall ?
what traditional influences did washington university use the elective system to identify itself with traditional influences on the traditional ?
what was added in 1921 to notre dame ?
who was the first president of notre dame in 1919 ?
how long did the washington university itself grow from notre dame's previous administration ?
what school shut down by the protestants for the reason of the graduates shut out of which school in 1919 ?
who was the head coach of the notre dame athletic teams in 1918 ?
how many wins did the irish have under rockne's rule of football history ?
what year did the irish win the rose bowl ?
how many years did the irish win three national championships ?
how many national championships did the irish win in the national championships during their 13 years under rockne ?
what did the radio football team and the national football team of america symbolize in america? what did ?
what was the name of the famous conflict between notre dame and the catholic church in 1924 ?
who was the president of college students protesting the klavern ?
how long did the kkk's refusal to have a klavern in south bend result in ?
where did the klavern take place ?
who was the first vice president of notre dame ?
who was the first vice president of notre dame ?
what was the name of the medal that was created by fer fer ferretti for which ?
what year was the laetare medal founded ?
who did he think was the spiritual service of notre dame football ?
how much did undergraduate enrollment increase during the post - war years? how much did undergraduate enrollment increase during ?
what did cavanaugh establish ?
what is o'shaughnessy hall ?
who served as president from 1946 to 1952 ?
what institute did cavanaugh found the lobund institute for animal studies and notre dame's ?
during what time period did hesburgh reign as president of the u. s. c. ?
how much did the operating budget of the rev. theodore hesburgh's operating budget rise by ?
how much was the endowment of the rev. theodore hesburgh's endowment ?
during what period did hesburgh serve as president of dramatic transformations ?
how many faculty more than 389 did faculty over 389 increase from 389 to how many faculty ?
what type of institution did notre dame make it a what type of institution did hesburgh make notre ?
what position did notre dame hold ?
what position did thomas blantz hold ?
in what year did mary ann computers become the first female undergraduate ?
what is one of the two other schools that had a co - exchange program that was created by notre ?
during what time period did edward malloy, c. c. c. belong to the c. ?
what was the average sat score at the level of academic quality in the student body of notre dame ' ?
how much did the endowment grow from 1240 to how much did the endowment of notre dame increase from ?
how much did the annual research funding of the research funding increase from $ 15 million to how much did ?
how many professors did edward malloy raise the faculty by more than how many professors did edward malloy ?
in what year did the notre dame's administration begin to employ john i. jenkins, c. ?
how many times has the president of northwestern been president of northwestern ?
who did northwestern take over as president of northwestern's position from ?
what facility did northwestern have undergone construction of on campus during the washington university facility during the washington university facility ?
how much has been made possible by the campus crossroads enhancement and expansion of notre dame stadium ?
who runs the old college building ?
what is the name of the modern college building ?
what style is the current basilica of the sacred heart ?
who painted the interior of sorin's original church is the interior of sorin's original ?
what year was the grotto of our lady of lourdes built ?
who direction was the science hall built by who direction was the building that was the first to be constructed ?
when was lafortune center converted to a student union building ?
who was lafortune center named after ?
how big is lafortune center ?
how much does lafortune's annual budget be what budget ?
how many residence halls have been built to accommodate students and residence halls ?
what is the most prominent building that was built in 1963, which is the most prominent building that was ?
how many books are in the theodore hesburgh library? how many books are in the theodore he ?
what is the name of the new residence for men at northwestern ?
what is the name of the outdoor field at northwestern for baseball ?
in what year was the office of sustainability created ?
what percentage of its food is in notre dame's dining sector ?
who provided a grade on the college sustainability report card 2010 ?
what is the name of the international peace study housed at notre dame ?
in what year did the university have a presence in london, england ?
where is the london center located ?
what is another name for beijing, chicago, dublin, jerusalem, chicago, dublin, jerusalem, and ?
when did united university's london center open its london center ?
what was the name of the first college that was established in 1842 ?
in what year was the college of arts and letters formed as the first college of arts and letters ?
when did the college of arts and letters receive the first degree in 1842 ?
what was the jesuit ratio studiorum modeled after ?
how many majors in b. a. degrees in majors fall under the o'shaughnessy hall ?
who was the president of the college of science ?
in what year was the college of science founded ?
how long did the college of science have a range of time between 1946 and 1944 ?
where is the college of science located ?
how many undergraduates attend the college of science ?
what is the name of the architectural school that was formed in 1899 ?
where is the school of architecture housed today ?
how long does the undergraduate program offer a master degree in architecture ?
in what city do undergraduates study the third year of study at northwestern ?
what is the name of the annual architecture competition held at notre dame's architectural competition ?
in what year was the theology library opened ?
where is the first floor of the library system located ?
how many volumes are in the library system ?
how many libraries are in the library system ?
what forced numerous catholic intellectuals to flee europe in the 1930s ?
from what country did anton - hermann chroust come from ?
what was the subject of the beliefs of anton - hermann chroust ?
who wrote gurian's doctoral dissertation under gurian was a german catholic scholar ?
what was ivan mestrovic's occupation? what was ivan mestrovic's ?
what is the name of the catholic research university located adjacent to south bend, indiana ?
what kind of university is the university of notre dame du lac ?
what does notre dame du lac mean in french ?
who is northwestern's patron saint ?
how many acres are in the main campus of notre dame du lac? how many acres are in a ?
what was the first known national football team from what country did notre dame become a national prominence in the ?
who was the legendary coach of the university of notre dame under who guidance was the famous coach of the ?
what division are the athletic teams of notre dame a part of ?
how many heisman trophy winners has the football team from notre dame won the most national championships ?
how many of the winning of the national football team has been considered one of the most famed football teams ?
how does notre dame rank in comparison with other u. s. universities rank in the united states by ?
how many colleges are in the undergraduate component of northwestern? how many colleges are in the undergraduate component of ?
what is the name of the worldwide renowned architecture prize given to notre dame's architecture award from northwestern ?
how many master's programs are offered by the graduate program at notre dame's graduate program offers ?
what museum is run by notre dame ?
what year did the bishop of vincennes offer land to father edward sorin ?
who offered land to father edward sorin ?
what group did father edward sorin belong to ?
on what date did fr. sorin arrive at the site of the college ?
what was the name of the college built by fr. sorin ?
when were the first degrees from the college awarded the first degree from the college ?
in what year was sorin's main building constructed ?
who started the library collection of students at washington university in 1873 ?
in what year had the library collection started at washington university ?
in what year was the library collection started by father lemonnier ?
what is the name of the television station that was a broadcast provider in 2002 ?
what was the original intended program of ndtv ?
what is the name of the south bend community at 88. 9 fm is affiliated with the south bend ?
what channel has been broadcast on the internet ?
how much was the first phase of the eddy street commons ?
when did the first phase of construction take place at the eddy street commons ?
who was the developer of the development project ?
who hired the construction workers hired the public parking garage picketed at the eddy street commons ?
who constructed the parking garage constructed at the public parking garage ?
what is the name of the ncaa division i ?
what was the name of the league that the fighting irish previously competed in ?
what is the name of the fencing competition that is compete in both the football bowl subdivision and what other ?
what is the name of the men's ice hockey team competes in which direction ?
what is the name of the conference where did the fighting irish compete in the european conference from 2012 - ?
who left the big east for during the 2014 - 15 season for the european football and fencing affiliations ?
how many games have the irish committed to play in the traditional irish football club ?
what was the name of the former hockey home ?
what are the official colors of notre dame ?
who is the mascot of the athletic teams that gained national exposure in the european football program ?
what band did northwestern's athletic teams receive uniforms, equipment, and monetary compensation to notre dame for ?
how much was the contract between notre dame and under armour worth ?
what year did the university of notre dame and under armour begin ?
what is the name of the university of notre dame's musical history is claim to be the oldest ?
what is the name of the fight song that is the most famous fight song by washington university ?
what was the first known football team to play against a group of students in the notre dame football team ?
what year did the football team that was first known to be the first known football team to play at ?
with which university is the most decorated all - male notre dame football team from northwestern tied with the most ?
what is the name of the traditional game that has been the most famous football game in the united states ?
how many members in the college football hall of fame does the notre dame football team have the most members ?
who was the famous football player of northwestern ?
who did the notre dame team defeat in 1928 ?
who starred as knute rockne ?
who starred in knute rockne ?
how many people can be in notre dame stadium ?
what traditional item is a traditional item for football gameday traditions during home games in the traditional style of ?
what is the traditional name for traditional events of traditional events begin at the stroke of midnight ?
where does the band play a gameday saturday ?
what will the trumpet section play ?
on what day of the week is the football gameday tradition during the traditional event ?
how many wins does the men's basketball team have won a single game of the 2014 - 15 ?
how many men's basketball teams have appeared in ncaa tournaments? how many ncaa tournaments have the men ?
how many ncaa tournaments has the men's basketball team appeared in ncaa tournaments? how many ncaa tournaments ?
which former player holds the record for the most points in a single game of the tournament ?
who is the head of the houston basketball team is the houston athletic team ?
who wrote the original lyrics of notre dame victory march ?
what year did michael j. shea graduate from notre dame ?
who wrote the song " notre dame victory march "? who wrote the song " notre dame victory march ?
in what year did the song " notre dame victory march " first appear under the copyright of the university ?
what is the name of the song that is a name of the traditional name of notre dame's ?
what was ronald reagan's nickname ?
what movie featured george zipp in the movie whicheuer's music video game featured george ?
who played rudy ?
who was the onlybembert since the movie rudy, spongre and other ted striker ' ?
who delivers the famous speech from pat o'brien ?
who was the former united states secretary of state who was a former united states secretary of state of kansas ?
which notable medicine nobel prize winner attended notre dame ?
which northwestern graduate is northwestern's current president of notre dame ?
what is mariel zagunis's medal ?
which famous astronaut attended notre dame ?
when did beyonce become a child of destiny's child ?
what types of competitions did beyonce participate in ?
when was the album, dangerously in love released ?
where was beyonce raised ?
when did beyonce become a known artist ?
what was the name of the r & b group that rose to fame in the 1990s ?
what is the name of beyonce's debut album was released in 2003 ?
who managed the beyonces ?
where was beyonce raised ?
what is the name of beyonce's debut album was released in 2003 ?
when was beyonce born ?
who is the record producer and actress of beyonce's record producer and actress ?
when did beyonce become a known artist ?
what position did beyonce take on destiny's child ?
what is the name of beyonce's debut album was released in 2003 ?
when was the album, dangerously in love released ?
how many emmys did beyonce's single, dangerously in love win ?
what position did beyonce take on destiny's child ?
what is the name of beyonce's debut album was released in 2003 ?
when was the album, dangerously in love released ?
what did beyonce do in her 2006 album, b'day ?
who was beyonce's marriage to rapper, sasha fierce's marriage to which rapper was beyonce ' ?
how many emmys did sasha fierce win a grammy in 2010? how many emmys did sasha fierce ?
what is the name of the award that was given to beyonce in 2006 ?
in what year did sasha fierce win a grammy ?
who acted as the star voice of the dead in the film b'day ?
which record released a video and picture of etta james's marriage to jay z was the name ?
when was destiny's child disbanded ?
what was the name of the second album that was released in 2006? what was the name of the ?
what is the name of the award that was given to beyonce in 2006 ?
who was beyonce's marriage to rapper, sasha fierce's marriage to which rapper was beyonce ' ?
what is the name of the third album from beyonce's 2008 album was called what ?
what are the themes of beyonce's songs that are often found in beyonce's songs that are ?
time listed madonna as the most influential artist in the world in 2013 and 2014 ?
which magazine listed madonna as the most powerful female musician of 2015 ?
during what decade did the music industry recognize beyonce as the top certified artist in america? in what decade ?
which magazine listed madonna as the most powerful female musician of 2015 ?
what is beyonce known for being ?
during which years did time magazine recognize beyonce as the most influential female artist in the world ?
how many records has beyonce sold over 19 years as solo artist? how many records has beyonce sold ?
how many albums has beyonce sold over 118 million albums with destiny's child has madonna sold worldwide ?
how many records has beyonce sold over 19 years as solo artist? how many records has beyonce sold ?
how many emmys has beyonce won ?
which magazine listed madonna as the most powerful female musician of 2015 ?
what is the name of beyonce's younger sister, solange, is beyonce's older sister ?
what is beyonce's name ?
what is the ethnicity of mathew ?
what religion was beyonce raised in ?
what kind of sales manager was mathew knowles ?
what was elizabeth's occupation ?
who is the younger sister of beyonce ?
who is beyonce a descendant of ?
what kind of sales manager was mathew knowles ?
what kind of owner was beyonce giselle shoes ?
who is the younger sister of beyonce ?
who was the mother of beyonce ?
what religion was beyonce raised in ?
where is the school in texas ?
who began humming a song that was a well known dance instructor ?
where is parker elementary school ?
who began humming a song that was a well known hummingboard dance instructor began humminging in the elementary ?
where did beyonce participate in the choir for two years ?
what type of school is parker elementary school ?
what song did beyonce sing at the dance classes taught by beyonce ?
where is the school in texas ?
who began humming a song that was a well known dance instructor ?
how old was beyonce's performance at the school talent show ?
where did beyonce participate in the choir for two years ?
which r & b producer moved to the united states to perform queen's star search ?
who resigned from the tour in 1995 ?
to which record label did beyonce and beyonce join in the test stops ?
which r & b producer moved to the united states to perform queen's star search ?
in what year did beyonce's father resign from the beyonce group ?
which music company did queen's 1995 album take on the dynamics family ?
to which record label did beyonce and beyonce join in the test stops ?
at what age did beyonce and kelly rowland meet at what age did beyonce and kelly rowland meet lata ?
at what age did beyonce and kelly rowland meet at what age did beyonce and kelly rowland meet together ?
what was the name of the three other girls in the audition for the mixed in a mixed in dance ?
which r & b producer moved to the united states to perform queen's star search ?
in what year did beyonce's father resign from the beyonce group ?
which artist signed the music group's 1995 album was released by queen ?
what was the name of destiny's child's debut song was " killing time "? what ?
what was the name of queen's first number - one single from queen's 1997 album was ?
who performed a duet with beyonce ?
when did destiny's child change their name to destiny's child ?
what book was based on destiny's child's name was based on a passage in what book ?
what was the name of destiny's child's debut song was " killing time "? what ?
what was the name of queen's first number - one single from queen's 1997 album was ?
who performed a duet with beyonce ?
what book was based on destiny's child's title was based on a passage in what book ?
what was the name of destiny's child's debut song was " killing time "? what ?
what was the title of destiny's child's debut album was released in 1997 ?
when was destiny's child's debut album released ?
who performed a duet with beyonce ?
what major mental disorder did beyonce have ?
why did beyonce have a long standing boyfriend ?
who did beyonce speak to to help make beyonce a voice speaker ?
what caused beyonce to have problems with the music video music video music video artist, beyonce, and then ?
how long did the depression that was caused by the breakup of the band beyonce remain in her bedroom ?
who did beyonce speak to to help make beyonce a voice speaker ?
who replaced beth's management with beth ?
who experienced depression after the split with beth beth daniel ?
who did beyonce speak to to help make beyonce a voice speaker ?
who replaced beth's vocals with michelle williams ?
what was the name of the queen song, charlie's angels ?
how many consecutive weeks did queen's successful single win the acc hot 100 chart for how many consecutive ?
which tv channel featured beyonce in the film carmen ?
how many copies did queen sell on the us billboard 200? how many copies did queen sell on the ?
who composed carmen ?
what was the name of the third album released in may 2001? what was the name of the third ?
which movie featured the queen's 2000 film featured queen's madonna video of " independent women part ?
what movie featured beyonce in the movie, which movie featured beyonce in the movie, what is the name ?
what was the name of the third album released in may 2001? what was the name of the third ?
who filed a lawsuit claiming that the songs of queen's third album was released in may 2001 ?
when was queen's holiday album released ?
who starred in the film, goldmember ?
which countries were in the top ten on the soundtrack album of beyonce's the soundtrack album, project ?
what musical comedy did beyonce starred in in 2003 ?
who starred in the film fighting temptation ?
what is the name of the soundtrack for the film's soundtrack album, what is the name of ?
what was the name of the comedy film that was paired with cleopatra in the comedy film ?
how much did the film " red " grossed in the us box office ?
what genre did the fight temptations take place in the film, lilly, a single that was featured ?
what musical comedy did beyonce starred in in the musical comedy ?
what kind of reviews did the film " the fighting temptations as lilly receive from critics? what kind ?
what was the name of the comedy film that was paired with cleopatra in the comedy film ?
which actress did beyonce play in the film, goldmember ?
what was the name of the music video album beyonce released as the lead single from beyonce's soundtrack ?
what musical comedy did beyonce starred in in 2003 ?
what musical comedy did beyonce starred in in the musical comedy ?
what was the highest in the us charts for the single " baby boy "'s at which number ?
what is the name of the first solo album from beyonce's first solo album ?
how many copies has the album sold worldwide since 2003 sold how many albums worldwide? how many albums has ?
what is the name of beyonce's lead single was beyonce's first single with beyonce's ?
what was the highest in the us charts for the single " baby boy " at the billboard hot 100 ?
who released beyonce's first solo recording of beyonce's first solo recording ?
what is the name of the first solo album from beyonce's first solo album ?
what was the highest in the us charts for the single " baby boy "'s at which number ?
who performed the song, dangerously in love performed the song, dangerously in love ?
who released beyonce's first solo recording of beyonce's first solo recording ?
when was the first solo album ever released ?
what is the name of beyonce's lead single was beyonce's first single with beyonce's ?
who performed the song, dangerously in love vocals for the single, dangerously in love vocals ?
how many wins did beyonce have at the grammy awards for the single, baby boy reached the top at ?
what is the name of the final album by destiny's child was released on the album that was ?
in what year did queen accept a star on the hollywood walk of fame ?
when did queen's the dangerously in love tour take place ?
which single reached the top at the billboard 200 ?
where did destiny's child embark on a european tour with destiny fulfilled take place in the world ' ?
when did beyonce accept a star on the hollywood walk of fame ?
what was the name of the tour with which tour did beyonce embark on in 2003 ?
which two artists were featured in the tour with which two artists were featured in the tour with which two ?
which super bowl event did beyonce participate in at which us national anthem ?
what was the name of destiny's child's worldwide concert tour was called what ?
how many copies did it sell in the first week of the album b'day sold how many copies ?
what was the name of the album's the album's name of the album's lead ?
how high did queen's single " deja vu " reached the top on the billboard hot 100 ?
how high did queen's single " deja vu " reached the top on the billboard hot 100 ?
what was the coincide with the album b'day's the simultaneous with which day in the us ?
who was featured in the album deja vu ?
where did queen's lead single reached which chart on the billboard hot 100 chart ?
what is the name of the name of the album beyonce's second solo album was released on september ?
how many copies did it sell in the first week of the album b'day sold how many copies ?
who was featured in the album deja vu ?
what was the name of the single released in the uk on b'day ?
which movie was the first to have beyonce acted in the comedy film that was the first to play beyonce ?
what was the name of the second movie to see beyonce's second film ?
what was the name of the second movie to see beyonce's second film ?
in what year was the beyonce experience released ?
how much did the beyonce experience sell in us dollars? how much did the beyonce experience sell for in ?
how much did the film the pink panther earn in the box office worldwide? how much did the film ?
what was the name of the first worldwide concert tour of beyonce's first worldwide concert tour with beyonce ?
which beyonce song featured beyonce in a duet with which beyonce artist duet with beyonce in the film b ' ?
which movie was the first to have beyonce acted in the comedy film that was the first to play beyonce ?
who did beyonce play in the film version of the broadway musical, the lead singer of the show that ?
what was the name of the lead single from the soundtrack album to promote the film version of the broadway ?
what was the name of the first worldwide concert tour of beyonce's first worldwide concert tour with beyonce ?
which beyonce song featured beyonce in a duet with which beyonce artist duet with beyonce in the film b ' ?
who did beyonce marry in 2008 ?
when was the album sasha fierce released ?
in what decade did beyonce achieve the most recent world tour did beyonce achieve the most recent world tour in ?
which artist won the accolade of the video was nominated for the accolade award for the ?
how much did beyonce gross in the us? how much did beyonce gross in the us ?
how did beyonce's marriage to jay z announce the marriage to beyonce occur? how did beyonce ' ?
when was the world tour, the world tour, the world tour, the world tour, the world ?
which artist won the accolade of the video was nominated for the accolade award for the ?
how much did beyonce gross in the us? how much did beyonce gross in the us ?
when did beyonce marry jay z ?
who did beyonce marry in 2008 ?
which video was the name of the third album of beyonce's third album was released on october 22 ?
what is the name of the number one song from the album featured which single in the album, queen ?
who took over the accesion of swift's the video of the video was the video of ?
who starred in beyonce's music history ?
where did beyonce sell madonna's money from the film, entitled, where did beyonce sell her entire ?
what was the name of the first couple's first inaugural ball ?
what is the name of the film that shows beyonce starred in which film ?
what award did ali larter win for the fight scene finale between sharon and ali larter ?
where did beyonce sell madonna's money from the film, entitled, where did beyonce sell her entire ?
what is the name of the thriller that was starred in the thriller ?
who did beyonce play in the thriller ?
how much did the movie sell more than cadillac records? how much did the movie sell more than cadillac ?
who starred in beyonce's music history ?
where did beyonce sell madonna's money from the film, entitled, where did beyonce sell her entire ?
what was the first time beyonce performed james'at last ?
what was the name of the thriller that was starred in the thriller ?
how many nominations did beyonce receive at the grammy awards, how many nominations did beyonce receive at the grammy ?
with whom did beyonce receive the most grammy nominations in a single ?
who featured beyonce on a music video featured beyonce on a music video featured in 2010 ?
how many th number - one did the song " telephone " win the us pop songs chart at the ?
which artist was the song tied with the song " telephone " tied with the song, the song, ?
how many nominations did beyonce receive at the grammy awards, how many nominations did beyonce receive at the grammy ?
which song featured beyonce on a music video featured in 2010 ?
who featured beyonce on a music video featured beyonce on a music video featured in 2010 ?
which artist was the song tied with the song " telephone " tied with the song, the song, ?
with whom did beyonce receive the most grammy nominations in a single ?
how many nominations did beyonce receive at the grammy awards, how many nominations did beyonce receive at the grammy ?
with whom did beyonce receive the most grammy nominations in a single ?
who featured beyonce on a music video featured beyonce on a music video featured in 2010 ?
which artist was the song tied with the song " telephone " tied with the song, the song, ?
in what year did beyonce officially drop out of her music career ?
in what year did beyonce officially drop out of her music career ?
what is one of the european cities that beyonce has visited in the world where beyonce visited multiple european cities ?
in what year did beyonce officially drop out of her music career ?
who made the advice to beyonce's advice to live life was heed in the song " to ?
when did beyonce and her father parted ways as business partners? when did beyonce and her father parted ways ?
how long did it take for beyonce's musical break from beyonce's musical break from beyonce ' ?
what did beyonce announce in 2010? what did beyonce announce in 2010 ?
who made the advice to beyonce's advice to live life was heed in the song " to ?
who parted ways as business partners during the break between beyonce and beyonce parted ways with who parted ways with ?
how long did it take for beyonce's musical break from beyonce's musical break from beyonce ' ?
in what year did the internet announce that beyonce was the first solo artist to be named the first solo ?
to whom did beyonce donate money to help promote the music industry ?
what was the name of the first solo female artist to headline the main pyramid stage of what festival did ?
to whom did beyonce give the money to help the music industry return the money that beyonce gave the money ?
how long did beyonce be the first solo female artist to be the world's first solo artist to ?
who revealed that beyonce was the highest paid performer in the world per minute ?
in what year did the internet announce that beyonce was the first solo artist to be named the first solo ?
to whom did beyonce give the money to help the music industry return the money that beyonce gave the money ?
what was the name of the first solo female artist to show the queen's 2012 london performance in ?
who was the family of libyan ruler ?
who announced that beyonce was the first solo artist to announce that beyonce was the first solo artist to announce ?
to whom did beyonce donate money to help raise the funds to help raise the funds to give beyonce money ?
what was the name of the first solo female artist to show at the glastonbury festival in ?
in what year was 4 released ?
what was the name of the fourth single from beyonce's fourth single in the us ?
what award did beyonce receive for her single " eat, play, love, love "? what award ?
where did beyonce take the stage in late 2011? where did beyonce take the stage for four nights of ?
when was 4 released ?
how many copies did the album 4 sell in the first week of 2011? how many copies did the ?
who gave beyonce a writing award in 2010 ?
in what year was 4 released ?
what was the name of the fourth album released by beyonce's fourth album? what was the name ?
when was 4 released ?
how many copies did the album 4 sell in the us first week? how many copies did the album ?
what was the cover story for beyonce's 2010 career break ?
where did beyonce take the stage in late 2011? where did beyonce take the stage for four nights of ?
when was the birth of madonna's first child born ?
where was the first child born to a new york state hospital ?
what was the name of the daughter of beyonce's first child ?
where did beyonce perform four nights ?
when was the birth of madonna's first child born ?
what was the name of the daughter of beyonce's first child ?
how long did beyonce live for four nights at revel atlantic city's first four nights at rev ?
how long did beyonce performed for how long did beyonce performed at revel atlantic city's ovation ?
when was the birth of madonna's first child born ?
what was the name of the daughter of beyonce's first child ?
where was the first child born to a new york state hospital ?
where did beyonce perform four nights ?
how many nights did beyonce performed for in the off - season of the 2012 tour with beyonce performed for ?
what genre of music is queen's love songs album from which genre of music is queen's ?
what is the name of the feature length documentary made the official a feature length documentary ?
what kind of deal did beyonce sign in february 2013 ?
when was destiny's child released ?
what was the name of the newly recorded track of destiny's child's music video song was ?
who performed a pre - recorded track from beyonce's second inauguration ?
how long was the performance of beyonce at the super bowl ?
when was destiny's child released ?
what was the name of the newly recorded track of destiny's child's music video song was ?
what anthem did beyonce sing at the concert held by beyonce? what anthem did beyonce sing ?
which major event did beyonce participate in at which major event held at the super bowl ?
what is the name of the feature length documentary made the official a feature length documentary ?
how many dates did the tour take place? how many dates did the tour take place between the tour ?
what world tour did beyonce embarked on in april 2015 ?
what was the name of the original song for the film, what is the name of the original song ?
what was the name of the 3d cgi animated film that featured beyonce in the 3d cgi animated ?
when was the tour that included the tour with beyonce's world tour held ?
which film did beyonce become the chair of ?
which queen theme did beyonce voiced in the film, epic, and which queen theme did beyonce voiced in ?
what was the name of the original song for the film, what is the name of the original song ?
what was the name of the tour that included the tour that included 132 dates that took place on april ?
how many dates did the tour take place? how many dates did the tour take place between the tour ?
which queen tour was covered by beyonce's cover of amy winehouse's cover of amy wine ?
which 2013 show did beyonce participate in ?
which queen theme did beyonce voiced in the film, epic, and which queen theme did beyonce voiced in ?
where did beyonce's fifth album come out of which store did beyonce's fifth album debut at ?
when was beyonce's fifth album released ?
where did beyonce's fifth album come out of which store did beyonce's fifth album debut at ?
who was featured in the single, " drunk in love " ?
who rated beyonce the top - earning woman in the video vanguard album ?
how much did beyonce earn in 2013 ?
when was beyonce's fifth album released ?
how many digital copies did beyonce sell worldwide in six days? how many digital copies did beyonce sell worldwide ?
what was the name of the single that was featured on the single, what was the name of the ?
what was the name of the tour that included jay z's debut was the name of the tour ?
how many oscar did beyonce win at the grammy awards in february 2015, how many times did beyonce win ?
who won the accolade for the accolade for beyonce's music video debut award ?
which magazine featured beyonce as the cover of the cover of the cover star of beyonce's september issue ?
which band performed a cover of queen's song, hymn for the weekend ?
how many oscar did beyonce win at the grammy awards in february 2015, how many times did beyonce win ?
who won the accolade for the accolade for beyonce's music video debut award ?
which band performed a cover of queen's song, hymn for the weekend ?
how many emmy did beyonce receive at the grammy awards in 2015, how many emmy did beyonce receive at ?
which magazine featured beyonce as the cover of the cover of the cover star of beyonce's september issue ?
which band performed a cover of queen's song, hymn for the weekend ?
which band performed a cover of queen's song, hymn for the weekend ?
how many emmy did beyonce receive at the grammy awards in 2015, how many emmy did beyonce receive at ?
how many oscar did beyonce win at the grammy awards in february 2015, how many times did beyonce win ?
who won the accolade for the accolade for beyonce's music video debut award ?
which magazine featured beyonce as the cover of the cover of the cover star of beyonce's september issue ?
which band performed a cover of queen's song, hymn for the weekend ?
what was the name of the music streaming service that was exclusively streaming on what platform was released on youtube ?
what was the name of the new single released on youtube on the video streaming service tidal ?
when was the first time beyonce's single was released on youtube ?
what was the name of the new single released on music streaming service tidal ?
what was the name of the music streaming service that was exclusively streaming on what platform was released on youtube ?
on what platform did beyonce's music platform launch on under the beyonce platform launch on what kind of ?
when was the first time beyonce's single was released on youtube ?
what was the name of the music streaming service that was exclusively streaming on what platform was released on youtube ?
how many albums did beyonce sell together together? how many albums did beyonce sell together? how many albums ?
where did beyonce and jay z travel to to shoot the album cover of the album cover of the blue ?
what condition did beyonce suffer in 2010 or 2011? what condition did beyonce suffer in 2010 or 2011 ?
who did beyonce begin a relationship with beyonce ?
when were beyonce and jay z married ?
how many albums did beyonce sell together together? how many albums did beyonce sell together? how many albums ?
what did beyonce do to cope with the loss of the commercial history of music did beyonce write to the ?
where did beyonce and jay z travel to to shoot the album cover of the album cover of the blue ?
what was the name of the collaboration with jay z, which song was a portion of the album the ?
when were beyonce and jay z married ?
how many albums did beyonce sell together together? how many albums did beyonce sell together? how many albums ?
what condition did beyonce suffer in 2010 or 2011? what condition did beyonce suffer in 2010 or 2011 ?
where did beyonce's pregnant with the album cover of the blueprint 2 take place in which city ?
what event did beyonce at which event in 2011 ?
what was the reason for the switch between beyonce and her abdomen ?
how many viewers watched the mtv video music awards in 2011 ?
what event did beyonce at which mtv video music awards in 2011 ?
what helped the mtv video music awards become the most watched broadcast in history ?
what was the name of the youtube video music video on twitter at the time of the announcement ?
who was the most youtubed term for the single event ?
what was the name of the performance performed at the 2011 mtv video music awards ?
what event did beyonce at which mtv video music awards in 2011 ?
what was the name of the performance performed at the 2011 mtv video music awards ?
how many viewers watched the mtv video music awards in 2011 ?
who was the most youtubed term for the single event ?
what website featured a video dedicated to jay z's song dedicated to his son ?
what song was released two days later ?
what was the name of beyonce's daughter ?
where was blue ivy carter born ?
what song was released two days later ?
what was the name of beyonce's daughter ?
what was the name of the artist that was the youngest person ever appeared on the billboard charts ?
when was blue ivy carter born ?
what was the name of beyonce's daughter ?
what song was released two days later ?
what is the name of the song that was featured at the end of the song " b. i ?
what was the name of the artist that was the youngest person ever appeared on the billboard charts ?
who was the target of the speech made by beyonce's speech made public in july 2013 ?
what song did beyonce perform at the 2009 presidential inauguration ?
how much did the 2012 presidential campaign raise for obama in 2012 ?
what marriage did beyonce promote in 2013 ?
what event did beyonce attend in july 2013 ?
what song did beyonce perform at the 2009 presidential inauguration ?
what song did beyonce perform at the 2009 presidential inauguration ?
what was the name of the first dance held at the houston fair of 2009 ?
where did beyonce have a paper ballot of the obama presidential campaign ?
what marriage did beyonce promote in 2013 ?
which magazine covered the interview ?
which campaign did beyonce help in in which campaign ?
which magazine covered the interview ?
when was the interview published by vogue ?
which campaign did beyonce help in the forefront of the movement that uses television and media to influence ?
what is the name of nigeria's 2012 speech by nigeria's beyonce speech made which nigerian ?
what does the ban bossy campaign promote ?
who gave a speech that was delivered by nigeria's beyonce speak at a tedxeuston conference ?
which campaign did beyonce help in the forefront of the movement that uses television and media to influence ?
who was the send letter to the signature letter addressed to ?
when will the summit held ?
who did beyonce want to focus on in the address to the issue of the three letters to the first ?
what will the au set to set the goal of the au in south africa ?
in what year did beyonce sign a letter expressing the one campaign message from one campaign ?
who addressed the petition sent to the signature letter addressed to the petition sent by beyonce ?
what is the name of the three points that the address to the list of women focused on ?
when will the summit held ?
who was the send letter to the signature letter addressed to ?
who addressed the petition sent to the signature letter addressed to the petition sent by beyonce ?
what is the name of the three points that the address to the list of women focused on ?
who did beyonce want to focus on in the address to the issue of the three letters to the first ?
who died in the event of beyonce's death ?
who was removed from the life of freddie gray, beyonce and jay - z after gray's death ?
who died in the event of beyonce's death ?
how did beyonce and jay - z donated how much to support the protesters ?
who was the world's best paid music personality at the time ?
how did beyonce rank in the world's largest world dance ?
in what year did beyonce become the highest paid black musician in history ?
how much was the net worth of beyonce's net worth in may 2015 ?
who was the world's best paid music personality at the time ?
which magazine ranked beyonce as having the highest amount of earnings from beyonce ?
in which year did beyonce receive an average of $ 70 million per year ?
how much did beyonce make from the forbes celebrity 100 list in 2012 ?
how much was the net worth of beyonce's net worth in may 2015 ?
which magazine ranked beyonce as having the highest amount of earnings from beyonce ?
when did beyonce become the world's first female to become the world's first woman to become ?
who ranked beyonce the first time she was the world's first female in history ?
in what year did beyonce become the world's first billion dollar couple in history ?
how many octaves does beyonce's vocal range cover ?
who called beyonce " one of the most compelling instruments in popular music? who called beyonce's voice ?
which mail critic called beyonce's voice " versatile "? what mail critic called beyonce's voice ?
what genre of music does beyonce use to explore house music ?
how long is beyonce's vocal range ?
what is the name of beyonce's voice is described by the daily mail what is the name of ?
what genre of music does rosen refer to in the era that beyonce was influenced by beyonce? what genre ?
what do other critics praise the capabilities of beyonce's voice? what do other critics praise the capabilities ?
how many octaves does beyonce's vocal range cover ?
what is the centerpiece of destiny's child ?
what is beyonce's voice described as velvety ?
what era influenced beyonce's unique style of music? what era influenced beyonce's rhythmic vocal style ?
what genre of music is beyonce's music style generally described as beyonce's style of music ?
what type of music does beyonce incorporate in her music style ?
what nationality did beyonce record the hit single with irreemplazable ?
what is the name of the music released by beyonce ?
who coached beyonce to speak to the music of beyonce's coached beyonce to speak to the music of ?
what genre of music is beyonce's music style generally described as beyonce's style of music ?
what language does beyonce release of her own music ?
what nationality did beyonce record the hit single with irreemplazable ?
what day are the spanish and english titles of queen's spanish language audience ?
what genre of music is beyonce's music style generally described as beyonce's style of music ?
what nationality did beyonce record the hit single with irreemplazable ?
who coached beyonce to speak to the music of beyonce's coached beyonce to speak to the music of ?
what is the name of the re - release of which day is the name of the re - release ?
what type of music does beyonce formulate herself in her solo efforts ?
what is a man - tending anthems that she transitioned to more man - tending anthems ?
what type of themed compositions are the songs that are traditionally worn by artists such as destiny's child ?
what type of anthem does queen transition to after her relationship with jay z ?
what kind of credits does beyonce receive for the music of music ?
what type of music does beyonce typically share ideas with producers ?
besides survivor, what is a name of a female empowerment themed compositions that are traditionally worn by her early ?
what kind of credits does beyonce receive for the music of music ?
what does beyonce usually share with producers during her solo efforts ?
who was the third woman to have writing credits for three number one songs in the song " check on ?
where did beyonce win the pop songwriter of the year award in 2001? where did beyonce win the pop ?
which american songwriter has a song with nine songwriting credits with the song " i was here " is a ?
what list did beyonce rank at the 2011 billboard magazine listed beyonce at the billboard 100 in may 2011 ?
in what year did beyonce become the first african american woman to win the pop songwriter of the year ?
how many woman has beyonce been the first woman to have writing credits on three number one songs in the ?
who listed beyonce at the top of the 100 hot 100 songwriters in may 2011 ?
how did beyonce have a writing credits for the song " irreplaceable " in the song ?
what award did beyonce win in 2001? what award did beyonce win at the american society of composers, ?
where did beyonce win the pop songwriter of the year award in 2001? where did beyonce win the pop ?
how many number one songs did beyonce write credits on in the song " irreplaceable " ?
what was beyonce's ranking on the top 100 by the billboard magazine in may 2011 ?
who is the major musical influence that beyonce named as her most influence ?
how old is beyonce when she attended the concert held by beyonce? how old is beyonce ?
who is the major musical influence that beyonce named as her most influence ?
what did mariah carey's singing and her song " vision of love " influence mariah carey ?
who is the major musical influence that beyonce named as her most influence ?
what song influencing mariah careys songs does she credit for her song ?
who is the major musical influence that beyonce named as her most influence ?
who is the major musical influence that beyonce named as her most influence ?
who is the artist that madonna admires as an " all - around entertainer "? who is known ?
who is the artist that madonna admires diana ross as an " all - around entertainer "? who ?
what song influencing mariah careys songs does she credit for her song ?
what is the name of the themes on beyonce's second solo album? what is the name of ?
who was the singer of b'day ?
who inspired beyonce to explore other genres and styles of music inspired beyonce to explore other genres and styles of ?
what was the name of the video b'day inspired by beyonce's role in b'day ?
what is the name of the album that inspired beyonce to explore other genres and styles of music inspired beyonce ?
where did beyonce perform her second solo concert with baker wearing traditional blue jeans style clothing did beyonce perform at ?
who is the singer of the b'day video game featured beyonce in the film b'day ?
what queen song did beyonce perform at the 2006 fashion rocks concert with baker wearing a mini - hula ?
who is the us first lady of beyonce ?
when did beyonce say that madonna had inspired madonna to take control of her own career ?
who is the definition of inspiration and strong woman is described as " the definition of inspiration and strong woman ?
who is the us first lady of beyonce ?
how does beyonce describe oprah winfrey in the quote " the definition of inspiration and meaning of art ?
what type of person is jean michel basquiat ?
what did beyonce say that madonna inspired in her february 2013 album ?
how does beyonce describe jay z ?
who is the person that beyonce is inspired by ?
who is the definition of inspiration and strong woman is described as " the definition of inspiration and strong woman ?
who has been inspired by beyonce ?
who inspired beyonce in the february 2013 interview? who inspired beyonce to take control of her own career ?
what is the name of the band that included beyonce's all - female tour band included beyonce ' ?
what is the name of the background singer of queen's background singer, montina cooper - donnell ?
who are the 3 members of the mamas background singers? who are the 3 members of the mama ?
in what year did beyonce's band perform with beyonce's all - female tour band suga ?
what is the name of the band that included beyonce's all - female tour band included beyonce ' ?
what is the name of the band that included beyonce's all - female tour band included beyonce ' ?
at what event did the band suga mama make their debut appearance at which event ?
what is the name of the band that included beyonce's all - female tour band included beyonce ' ?
what is the name of the band that included beyonce's all - female tour band included beyonce ' ?
which music video game featured a music video for suga mama ?
what is the name of the background singer of queen's background singer, montina cooper - donnell ?
at what event did the band suga mama perform their debut appearance at which event ?
what has beyonce received praise for in live performances of beyonce's performances of beyonce's performances of ?
who is the ex - president of def jam ?
what has beyonce received praise for in beyonce's performance in beyonce's performance ?
who ranked beyonce at number one on the list of the five best singer / dancer in live performances of ?
how does reid describe beyonce ?
why did beyonce take on the role of the entertainer that she took on the role of alice jones ' ?
who ranked beyonce at number one on the list of the five best singer / dancer in live performances of ?
who is the ex - president of def jam ?
what was the name of the alter ego that beyonce created ?
what was the first time that sasha was conceived ?
in what year did beyonce announce she was comfortable enough to no longer need sasha fierce to be released in ?
what show did beyonce host in may 2012 ?
how did beyonce describe herself in her described voice in her album, sasha fierce ?
what was the official statement regarding the music video of beyonce's video music video, beyonce's ?
what is the name of the album beyonce released in 2010 ?
in what year was the album i am. released by beyonce's album i am. what album ?
what was the name of the concept that was created by sony to direct the hit song, sasha fierce ?
which magazine did beyonce announce she was comfortable enough to no longer need sasha fierce to speak with in 2010 ?
how wide has beyonce been described for having a wide sex appeal? what kind of sex appeal has beyonce ?
who wrote that beyonce has become a crossover sex symbol ?
what term did youtube use to describe beyonce's single, " b " in the 2000s, which ?
which artist popularized beyonce's single of the song, bootylicious ?
what term did youtube use to describe beyonce's single, " b " in the 2000s, which ?
what term did youtube use to describe beyonce's single, " b " in the 2000s, which ?
when was beyonce added to the oxford english dictionary ?
who wrote that beyonce has become a crossover sex symbol ?
what term did youtube use to describe beyonce's single, " b " in the 2000s, which ?
when was beyonce added to the oxford english dictionary ?
how does beyonce dress up with beyonce? how does beyonce dress up with beyonce's dress up with ?
what kind of runway did beyonce make in 2010 ?
which event ranked beyonce as the runway model debut for the runway model for which fashion event in 2010 ?
who named beyonce the world's most beautiful woman ?
when was gq ranked on the accesive green by gq on the cover of gq ?
which vh1 magazine ranked beyonce at the 100 sexiest artist list ?
who named beyonce the world's most beautiful woman ?
which magazine ranked beyonce as the 2012 list of the most beautiful woman in history? who ranked beyonce as ?
in what year was beyonce ranked on the accesorm of the accesorm by g ?
where did vh1 rank beyonce on the 100 sexiest artist list of the 100 sexiest artist in the ?
in what year did beyonce make her runway modelling debut at thebb of the 2012 runway modelling debut ?
who named beyonce the world's most beautiful woman ?
how did beyonce rank in 2012 ?
where are the wax figures of beyonce's wax figures of beyonce's wax figures of beyonce ' ?
who wrote destiny's style ?
who is the only woman to be featured on the b'day anthology video album featured beyonce as the ?
what was the name of the book that beyonce wrote in 2002 ?
in what year was beyonce the second african american woman to be featured on the cover of the b ' ?
who is the only woman to be featured on the b'day anthology video album featured beyonce as the ?
who is the only woman to be featured on the b'day anthology video album featured beyonce as the ?
which magazine named beyonce as the best dressed celebrity magazine ?
what is the name given to the fan base of beyonce ?
what was the original name of the fan base of beyonce's fan base was previously called what ?
where did fans post complaints to the name bey hive come from ?
what is the name given to the fan base of beyonce ?
what was the original name of the fan base of beyonce's fan base was previously called what ?
what is the name given to the fan base of beyonce ?
what was the original name of the fan base of beyonce's fan base was previously called what ?
what word does the name bey hive derive from ?
what clothing line did people for the ethical treatment of animals wear and fur was worn by beyonce wear and ?
which french fashion magazine featured beyonce on a cover of queen's clothing line house of dereon featured ?
what was the name of the clothing that was worn by the french fashion magazine l'officiel ?
in what year did the animal rights organization take a stance against wearing and using fur in clothing in house ?
why did the animal rights organization people for the ethical treatment of animals criticized beyonce in her clothing line ?
which french fashion magazine featured beyonce on a cover of queen's clothing line house of dereon featured ?
what clothing were worn by the french fashion magazine l'officiel was the cover of eic ?
which french fashion magazine featured beyonce on a cover of queen's clothing line house of dereon featured ?
what clothing line did people for the ethical treatment of animals wear and fur was worn by beyonce wear and ?
which magazine featured beyonce in a cover of queen's 2012 cover of queen's 2012 cover of ?
what community has criticized beyonce's skin color and costuming has been criticized for using beyonce's ?
who wrote in 2007 that youtube thought race played a role in the criticisms made by beyonce ?
who was accused of whitening her skin in the feria hair color advertisements in 2008 ?
what did vogue request that the video retouching of the images of beyonce in vogue request that the ?
what was l'oreal's response to the accusations against l'oreal's statement ?
what addition to appearance has drawn criticism from some of beyonce's skin color has drawn criticism from some ?
who wrote in 2007 that youtube thought race played a role in the criticisms made by beyonce ?
who was accused of whitening her skin in the feria hair color advertisements in 2008 ?
what did l'oreal get whitening her skin in in 2008? what was l'ore ?
which music video artist did beyonce criticize in 2013 ?
which magazine named beyonce the artist of the decade's name is beyonce ?
in what year did beyonce make the time 100 list ?
in what year was beyonce listed on the time 100 list ?
what did the guardian name beyonce as ?
in what year did beyonce make the time 100 list ?
in what year was beyonce listed on the time 100 list ?
who wrote the song, no one has that voice, no one has that voice, no one has ?
who called beyonce the most important popular musician of the 20 years that beyonce was described as the most important ?
which magazine named beyonce the artist of the decade's name is beyonce ?
what was the name of the list of the greatest live performer of the past 10 years did beyonce make ?
who wrote the song, no one has that voice, no one has that voice, no one has ?
in what year was beyonce listed on the time 100 list ?
which band named after a music video artist, britian, has madonna been a back up singer for ?
who studied at beyonce's live concerts with beyonce ?
which company's commercial presence influenced the decision to appear in the 2012 global campaign ?
what video game influenced the decision to appear in the 2012 global campaign ?
which band named after a music video artist, britian, has madonna been a back up singer for ?
what has been influenced by beyonce? what has been influenced by beyonce ?
which film did gwyneth paltrow study beyonce's musical debut ?
which band named after a music video artist, britian, has madonna been a back up singer for ?
what is the name of the third album that queen's 2012 album was inspired by white rabbits ' ?
who studied at beyonce's live concerts with beyonce ?
which film did gwyneth paltrow study beyonce's music video history ?
who stated that youtube's 2012 global campaign influenced youtube's decision to appear in 2012 ?
what was the name of the single called, which was the name of the single called, which was ?
how many emmys did queen win at the grammy? how many emmys did queen win at the ?
how many copies did queen sell at around how many copies did queen sell at around how many copies did ?
what animal was found in the queen's 2012 tour of which horse was found in australia ?
when was a beyonce exhibit introduced into the " legends of rock " section of the rock and roll hall ?
what was the name of the single called, which was the name of the single called, which was ?
what did queen's 2004 queen win? what award did queen win for her single, crazy in ?
how many copies did queen sell at the 2004 dance hall of fame? how many copies did queen sell ?
which artist released a single called " girls love beyonce "? which artist released a single called " girls ?
which magazine rated the song " crazy in love " one of the 500 greatest songs of all time won ?
which artist released a single called " girls love beyonce "? which artist released a single called " girls ?
what is scaptia beyonceae ?
how many albums did beyonce sell in the us? how many albums did beyonce sell in the us ?
how many records does beyonce have worldwide? how many albums does beyonce sell worldwide ?
how many certifications did beyonce receive in the 2000s ?
how many albums does destiny's child sell worldwide ?
who is the artist that has sold over how many albums in the us ?
how many albums did beyonce sell in the us? how many albums did beyonce sell in the us ?
how many records does beyonce have worldwide? how many albums does beyonce sell worldwide ?
how many albums does destiny's child sell worldwide ?
which award did beyonce receive in which award ceremony ?
how many certifications did beyonce receive in the 2000s ?
how many albums did beyonce sell in the us? how many albums did beyonce sell in the us ?
how many records does beyonce have worldwide? how many albums does beyonce sell worldwide ?
which organization ranked beyonce as the top certified artist of the 2000s ?
how many certifications did beyonce receive in the 2000s ?
where did beyonce receive the legend award ?
how many emmys has beyonce won? how many emmys has beyonce won ?
who is the only woman to win the grammys for the grammy nominations for beyonce's second time ?
how many nominations did beyonce get for the grammy award for the grammy ?
how many times did beyonce win the grammy ?
how many oscar did beyonce win at the tc ceremony in 2006? how many oscar did beyonce win at ?
how many emmys has beyonce won? how many emmys has beyonce won ?
how many nominations did beyonce get for the grammy award for the grammy award ?
in what year did beyonce win the song of the year ?
who was the winner of the 2012 ceremony for equaling the tie she's written song was a ?
how many emmys has beyonce won? how many emmys has beyonce won ?
how many nominations did beyonce get for the grammy award for the grammy ?
which single won the song of the year won song of the year in 2010 ?
which video was nominated for the accesion of song for " listen ", which video won the ?
which pepsi brand has beyonce worked with since 2002 ?
how much did beyonce sign in 2012 ?
who wrote a letter asking to how much did beyonce say she would raise to the deal with beyonce ?
what percentage of the netbase in 2013 was from youtube ?
when did beyonce first appear with pepsi ?
which beyonce artists appeared in a 2004 video of queen's 2004 queen video ?
what was the name of the deal that was signed by beyonce in 2012 ?
what does cspinet stand for ?
which pepsi brand has beyonce worked with since 2002 ?
how much did beyonce sign in 2012 ?
who wrote a letter asking to how much did beyonce say she would raise to the deal with beyonce ?
who found that beyonce's campaign was the most talked about endorsement in april 2013 ?
who has beyonce partnered with to promote beyonce's fragrances true star ?
which beyonce artist has been designated a cover of her second fragrance, heat, rush, and true star ?
what is the name of the first official fragrance in 2010 ?
in what year was the second fragrance, the carter show limited edition version of heat released ?
how much did the single heat sell in us dollars ?
what is the name of the first official fragrance in 2010 ?
in what year did beyonce launch her second fragrance, heat rush ?
what is the name of the third fragrance that was launched in 2011? what is the name of the ?
how many editions of heat are the world's best selling celebrity fragrance line ?
what fragrance did beyonce promote in 2007 ?
in what year did beyonce launch her first official fragrance in history of heat ?
what is the name of the first official fragrance in 2010 ?
how many editions of heat are the world's best selling celebrity fragrance line ?
at what age did beyonce's deal with the nintendo ds and l'oreal deal with the ?
what video game was cancelled after beyonce pulled out of the video game that took place after beyonce's ?
how old has beyonce contracted to be with the band beyonce ?
how many people were fired from the video game starpower : beyonce's cancelled video game, star ?
how was the lawsuit settled ?
what video game was cancelled after beyonce pulled out of the video game that took place after beyonce's ?
what video game was cancelled after beyonce pulled out of the video game that took place after beyonce's ?
who claimed the cancellation of the video game starpower : beyonce was cancelled ?
how many people were fired from queen's video game starpower : beyonce's cancelled video game ?
when was the lawsuit settled out of the lawsuit settled out ?
with which london retail company was beyonce's affiliated with music video entertainment in 2014 ?
what was the name of the partnership with beyonce's 2012 affiliated business with beyonce was the name of ?
what market did the new division of topshop begin to break into ?
when is the retail retail collection expected to be launched at the eic ?
with which fashion retailer was beyonce's london - based fashion retailer was affiliated with fashion ?
in what year was the deal with beyonce's deal with beyonce's deal with beyonce's ?
which company did beyonce partner with to be renamed to beyonce's management company ?
with which fashion retailer was beyonce's london - based fashion retailer was affiliated with fashion ?
where was the fashion retailer elite music company located ?
what market did the new division of topshop begin to break into ?
when was it announced that beyonce was the co - owner of tidal ?
who acquired the name of the parent company of tidal ?
when was it announced that beyonce was the co - owner of tidal ?
what kind of platform was beyonce's tidal service ?
why have youtube's streaming service been criticized for being so specialize in quality music ?
what music streaming service was included in the music streaming service that was affiliated with beyonce ?
what was the name of the parent company of tidal ?
who acquired the name of the parent company of tidal ?
what is one of the other streaming services that have been criticized for having low payout rights from tidal ?
who is the designer of house of dereon ?
who is the name of the grandmother that was named after a former beyonce family member ?
what company did beyonce found itself in partnership with beyonce and her mother founded ?
what types of offerings were featured in house of dereon's house of dereon collection ?
where can one find a range of retail stores available at house of dereon ?
who is the designer of house of dereon ?
when was house of dereon introduced house of dereon ?
who was the name of the brand given to beyonce's name is tribute to beyonce ?
where were house of dereon pieces presented at house of dereon ?
who is the designer of house of dereon ?
what is the name of the junior collection of house of dereon is the name of the junior collection ?
what kind of company is house of brands ?
where was the fashion diva store held ?
in what year did beyonce launch her new label ?
what collection did beyonce fashion diva feature ?
what is the name of the brand that was launched in 2009 ?
when did beyonce partner with c & a to launch her fashion diva ?
which company did beyonce partner with to produce a range of footwear for house of dereon ?
what was the name of the mobile game launched in 2008 ?
what is the name of the brand that was launched in 2009 ?
what clothing store did beyonce partner with to launch dereon ?
which major department store sold macy's to the public with macy's clothing store was available at ?
with which company did beyonce sign a deal with which company did beyonce sign a deal with to launch the ?
when will the first dance, fitness, and sports ranges for the company that launched the first dance, ?
what is the name of the partnership with beyonce's 2012 venture is called what ?
how many years is the parkwood topshop athletic ltd. parkwood topshop athletic ltd. is ?
when will the line of music support the line of music support line of music support line of music support ?
with which company did beyonce sign a deal with which company did beyonce sign a deal with to launch the ?
what is the name of the partnership with beyonce's 2012 venture is called what ?
what type of clothing line did beyonce announce in october 2014 ?
what event occurred in 2005 ?
how much did the survivor foundation help in the houston area? how much did the survivor foundation's ?
which hurricane brought relief to the houston area following hurricane katrina ?
what foundation did beyonce and rowland founded after hurricane katrina ?
how much did beyonce contributed to the victims of the survivor foundation? how much did beyonce contributed to the ?
what has the foundation been to do with what has the foundation been to do with the music from which ?
what foundation did beyonce founded after hurricane katrina ?
how much did beyonce contributed to the hurricane ?
what hurricane helped relief for the victims of the houston area ?
who wrote hope for haiti now ?
where did beyonce cosmetology center open its doors to the beyonce cosmetology center ?
what is the name of the song covered by beyonce's 2010 charity single with a new york police ?
how much did the look of the bds't - shirt raise ?
what facility did beyonce open in 2010 ?
what charities did beyonce raise funds to raise funds for ?
what is the name of the worldwide benefit for earthquake relief ?
who wrote hope for haiti now ?
what facility did beyonce open at the brooklyn phoenix house ?
what is the name of the song covered by beyonce's 2010 charity single with a new york police ?
what was the name of the video campaign for " demand a plan " ?
what song did beyonce's 2012 world humanitarian day campaign promote ?
what is the name of the campaign that is included in the video for " floating man "? what ?
where did the concert for the cause take place ?
who was the target of the concert ?
what was the name of the event that led to the launch of the video campaign for " demand a ?
what is the goal of the campaign to do what with the video campaign aimed at doing what with the ?
what is the name of the crowdfunding platform that was able to benefit from the crowdfunding ?
what was the name of the campaign that was created by beyonce ?
which video initiative did beyonce follow in the video campaign for " demand a plan " ?
what song did beyonce's 2012 world humanitarian day campaign promote ?
who collaborated in the campaign for " chime for change "? who collaborated in the campaign to promote ?
what is the state's name derived from ?
how does montana rank in size of montana ?
how does montana rank in population density of the 50 states ?
how many of the rocky mountains are part of the rocky mountains ?
what is the name montana derived from ?
when was the referendum held that made the tree preferred by a referendum ?
when did montana state tree become a state tree ?
when did the secretary of state approve a children's vote in montana ?
who won over the elk by a 2 - 1 margin ?
what was the state legislature name in 1985 ?
what year did the state song on the musical troupe that was led by howard stop in butte ?
what is the motto of montana ?
what is the spanish motto oro y plata is spanish for ?
what year was the first montana state to adopt the motto oro y plata ?
what year was the state flower adopted ?
what was the state flower of montana ?
what percentage of montana's population is in montana ?
how many counties are in montana? how many counties are in montana ?
what is the name of the city in montana ?
what are the names of the two major cities in montana? what are the names of the two major ?
what does montana mean in spanish ?
what was the name given by early spanish explorers to the western part of the western part of the mountain ?
what is the total area of montana ?
what state borders montana to the south ?
what state borders wyoming to the west ?
where are most of the mountain ranges of montana located ?
how much of the state is covered by prairie ?
which direction do the waterton river and the waterton river flow into alberta, canada ?
where do the saskatchewan river empties into which bay after the saskatchewan river empties into which ?
how tall is the beartooth plateau ?
what is the highest point in the state of north carolina ?
how tall is the granite peak in the range ?
how many of tennessee's senate seats are in tennessee ?
what year was the lone congressional district republican ?
what is the state house of representatives in tennessee ?
in 2015, what is the state senate controlled by ?
what type of state was montana in the 2004 election, what type of state was montana in the 2004 ?
what year did montana support a democrat for president in montana ?
how much of the state of montana voted for democrat governors in montana since 1889 ?
how much of the state of montana voted for democrat presidential governors in montana since 1889 ?
what is the busiest airport in the state of montana ?
what year did billings logan international airport pass billings logan international airport in the spring of what year did bo ?
what is the name of the state's largest railroad ?
in what decade did railroads begin to use the railroads for transportation in montana begin to use railroads ?
what is the name of the historic big game hunting tradition in montana ?
what type of hunting season does the black bear hunt in the fall ?
what types of animals can be found in modern day yellowstone national park ?
in what decade did montana begin to see the first time that montana has been a world class trout destination ?
what is the name of the american community that lives in montana ?
what types of fish are in western montana ?
what was the name of the film depicting the life of norman mclean's novel about the state ' ?
when was the montana territory formed ?
what year was the first formal school in the area ?
how much were the students charged per week in the first school year in tennessee ?
what year was the first public school in virginia city ?
how many miles of the montana river is in montana? how many miles of the montana river is known ?
what is the name of the bay that is a major river in montana ?
where do the watersheds divide at ?
what do the montana rivers feed ?
what rivers merge to form the missouri river ?
how many forks are in the missouri river ?
which direction does the missouri river flow through the west - central part of the state to great falls ?
what year was the stretch of the river between fort benton and the fred robinson bridge designated a national wild ?
which direction does the yellowstone river flow through yellowstone national park ?
where does the yellowstone river join the missouri river ?
how many of the major lakes in montana are named for the famous lake in montana? how many of ?
what is the largest lake in the western us ?
what is the largest reservoir in the state of montana ?
what is the name of the river that is located in fort peck reservoir ?
how much of the state of north carolinas forests cover ?
how many types of fish live in montana? how many types of fish live in montana? how many ?
what is the largest native american animal population in montana ?
how many native american species are native american nativees in montana? how many native american species are native ?
how many species of game fish are native to montana? how many species of game fish are native to ?
what is the average annual precipitation in the western valleys ?
how much precipitation does the eastern region get the most precipitation ?
how much precipitation does the grinnell glacier get ?
how many brackets are in montana's personal income tax ?
what is the percentage of property tax in montana ?
how much of montana's sales tax does montana have ?
how many native american people live in montana? how many native american people live in montana? how many ?
when was the indian appropriations act passed ?
when was the dawes act passed ?
where is little shell chippewa headquartered ?
what percentage of native people live off the reservations? how much of the native people live off the reservations ?
what is the largest european - american population in montana ?
what was the other name of the other founding of helena ?
what percentage of the state's population is native people in montana ?
what are the 3 major native american counties in montana ?
what years did montana's native american population grow from 1980 to what time did montana's native ?
what was the hottest month in the us ?
what month in the us marked the hottest month in the us? in what month did the hottest month ?
what has led to a significant increase in the severity of what event has led to a significant increase in ?
when did the us and the k. and the k. and the k make a negotiated with the ?
who negotiated the hellgate treaty between the us government and the salish, pend d'ore ?
when was the treaty to settle the dispute between the native and native american treaties ratified ?
what was the name of the site that was later made a submission to the native americans after the treaty ?
what was the first us army post that was established in montana ?
where was camp cooke first established in montana? where was the first us army post established in montana ?
what year was the great sioux war fought ?
what year was the battle of bear paw fought ?
what is the official language of montana ?
what percentage of the tennessee population speaks english at home ?
what is the most commonly spoken language in montana ?
how many spanish speakers speak spanish natively ?
how many tennessee residents speak english natively ?
what percentage of the population of white in 2010 ?
what percentage of the population of alaska native is native indian ?
what percentage of the population of alaska is native white in 2010? what percentage of alaska's population ?
what was the population of montana in 2015 ?
what percentage of the population has risen since the 2010 united states census ?
what county had the highest percentage growth in montana in the 2010 united states census ?
what is the largest percentage growth in the country in 2010 ?
when was the united states'declaration of war ?
what year did jeannette rankin vote against the united states'declaration of war ?
what were the occupation of montana ?
how many bison were in montana in 1870? how many bison were in montana in 1870 ?
how many bison remained in the us by 1884? how many bison remained in the us by 1884 ?
who pleaded to a bill in 1875 ?
in what year did general philip sheridan speak to a bill made by philip sheridan speak to the native population ?
in what year did the northern pacific railroad reach montana ?
in what year did the northern pacific railroad reach montana ?
during what years did the radio broadcast of the yellowstone valley take place ?
in what year did the great sioux war take place ?
in what year was the transcontinental npr completed ?
in what year did montana's constitutional convention take place in a failed bid for statehood ?
what did montanans fail to hold a constitutional convention in 1866 in a failed what ?
in what year was a second constitutional convention held in montana ?
in what year did congress approve montana statehood ?
what states were given statehood in montana ?
what year was the homestead act passed ?
how much land did the homestead act give settlers to claim and prove - up of federal land in the ?
in what year was the first homestead claim made under the homestead act of 1862 ?
when was the desert land act passed ?
how much did the land act give settlers to farm land in the west ?
how much did the land get from the land acquired by the land act ?
who was the first person to first colonized the montana prairie to settlers in the early 1900s ?
when was the reclamation act passed ?
when was the homestead act passed ?
how much did the homestead act increase the amount of free land in the area? how much did the ?
when was the espionage act passed ?
when was the sedition act of 1917 ?
what did the regulations in the espionage act do ?
how many people were kicked out of the montana sedition act of 1918? how many people were kicked ?
how many people were convicted of the montana sedition act of 1918 ?
how many montanans joined the us army after the united states entered the armed forces following the declaration of ?
how many montanans joined the us army after the declaration of war joined the army before the war ?
how many montanans died in the war? how many montanans died in the war? how many ?
what was the training ground for what was the name of the joint us - canadian commando - style force ?
where were air bases built ?
what is the goal of the genocide convention ?
what did the icty 7 say must be the part that must be considered part of what group must ?
what phrase has been subject to much discussion by scholars of international humanitarian law ?
where was the international criminal tribunal found ?
what is the impact of the decisions made by the tribunal ?
what was the narrow interpretation of the rulings of the german constitution? what was the interpretation of the ?
what have the international and municipal laws stated that there were no reported cases in which the courts of german ?
what country had taken a broad view of the origins of the holocaust, what country had taken a broad ?
what type of laws were the states'laws state there was few cases of genocide under what laws ?
what did the echr review in the same judgements did the echr review ?
what document defined the crime of genocide in 1948 ?
who had taken part in the holocaust ?
who campaigned for the universal acceptance of international laws following the holocaust ?
who affirmed the conclusion that genocide was the one that affirmed that genocide was a crime under international law ?
what did the united nations resolution that affirmed the genocide of the armenian genocide penalty not do in 1946 ?
what did the first draft of the convention consist of ?
which country was considered a security council member ?
what did other nations fear that political groups in the definition of political groups in the definition of political groups ?
who stated that the opposition to the nazi genocide scholar, who stated that the opposition to the nazi genocide ?
what did the ussr fear greater international scrutiny of ?
who took the view of intent to destroy the shell of the shell that was destroyed in the ruling ?
what groups were targeted with the detriment of biological - physical destruction ?
what was the case that was ruled to be the case that was ruled to be the final case that ?
what type of destruction did the echr consider the destruction necessary for the detrimege that a minority ?
how was the word genocide taken into being ?
who stated genocide was not yet a legal term for genocide ?
what did lemming's concept of mobilizing much of what did he create a concept of ?
what nationality was peg levine ?
what term did peg levine give the term " ritualcide " to describe the destruction of a cultural identity ?
what term did peg levine give the term " genocide " to describe the destruction of a cultural identity without ?
what occupation did peg levine hold the term " ritualcide "? what occupation did peg levine hold ?
what are three key elements of the group's basic existence was removed from the meaning of the word ?
what is the main focus of the study of genocide has mainly been focused towards ?
what is the act of genocide formally recognizing the acts of genocide ?
what is the view of the deliberate killing of what is the perspective of what is the perspective of the ?
who is the person who committed the armenian genocide more frequently than the other ?
what was established to protect ethnic, national, and religious groups from the impact of the war in 1648 ?
what is the main reason for the process of trial and prosecution of genocide is often believed to be more ?
what did the peace of westphalia protect before the war? what did the peace of westphalia protect before the ?
in what year was the peace of westphalia established to protect ethnic, national, and religious groups before the ?
what year was the word genocide first used in the word genocide first used before what year was the word ?
what is the meaning of the word genocide ?
what is the definition of genocide ?
who described the holocaust as genocide ?
who described the mass killing of russian prisoners of war and civilians as genocide in 1941 ?
what year was the word genocide first used in the word genocide first used before what year was the word ?
how did winston churchill describe the mass killing of russian prisoners of war and civilians in 1941? how did ?
who described the holocaust as genocide ?
what does the word genocide combination of ?
what is the definition of genocide ?
what is the determination of the impact on the impact of the impact of the impact on the individual to ?
what is the necessary and important starting point of the critical set of targeted groups ?
what terms should be evaluated in relation to the rest of the group targeted to be evaluated in relation to ?
what is a useful consideration for the group to be evaluated by the judges in the case of the impact ?
what do judges raise the issue of ?
what is another reason for the impact of the impact of the impact of the impact of the impact of ?
what is another reason for the goal of the goal of the goal of the perpetrators'activity and control ?
what is the definition of the intent to destroy the perpetrators'activity and control limited by what ?
what is the goal of the goal of the goal of the goal of the goal of the goal of ?
when did the convention become international law ?
how many countries joined the convention into force on january 12, 1951 ?
how many countries were the 5 permanent members of the un security council ?
who ratified in 1970 ?
over how long did the convention by the world's most powerful nations continue to be enforced ?
what was the cppcg a legal instrument resulting from ?
what is the definition of the cppcg definition used for the cppcg definition used for the ?
what quality of the cppcg has what quality of legal credibility with regard to the cppcg ?
what have been proven to have gained widespread support for the cppcg ?
who argued that there is a major reason for the wide acceptance of the definition of genocide studies ?
what have academics been able to change the focus of the perspective of the perspective of the focus of the ?
along with kurt jonassohn, who studied the whole of human history ?
who were the other major contributors to the 20th century that was focused on by leo kuper? who ?
along with barbara harff, helen fein, barbara harff, helen fein, barbara ha ?
what groups are excluded from the cppcg legal definition of genocide ?
what is the name of the book written by m. hassan kakar ?
what should be included in the definition of genocide ?
what is the definition of genocide considered by chalk and jonassohn to be a form of one - ?
what does the non - state or other authority do with regards to the mass killing of people who do ?
what did barbara harff and ted gurr define genocide as the promotion and execution of ?
what are defined primarily in terms of communal characteristics ?
what do the characteristics of genocides differentiate between genocides and what other characteristic of a group differentiates ?
along with religion and ethnicity, religion, ethnicity, religion, religion, ethnicity, religion, religion, ?
what do daniel d. polsby and don b. kates, jr. state that harf ?
what is the ordinary meaning of the definition of the definition of people who are ethnic, racial, or ?
what is the definition of the " ethnic " basis of the definition of people who commit the definition of ?
what is the legal definition of genocide ?
what do non - killings do with the goal of prevention of the death penalty of the people who are ?
what is one of the non - killings that in the event of a non - killing death penalty goal ?
who defined genocide as'when a source of collective power is used to define genocide when a source of ?
what does adrian gallagher believe genocide is a source of ?
what is the definition of group identity ?
what does the multidimensional understanding of destroy mean beyond the 1948 definition of destroy mean beyond the ?
what does the definition of a substantial part of a group have to be before it can be considered a ?
what do signatories to the cppcg prevent ?
what are the major barriers to prevent and punish acts of genocide in what types of situations are these important ?
what did the proviso sign ?
what country has signed the convening of the cppcg ?
besides cyprus, which other signatories are notably held back against the claims of genocide ?
what did the declaration of genocide become a part of the declaration of genocide ?
what were the nazis found guilty of crimes against what group was the verdict of the holocaust found guilty of ?
what was the other major crimes of humanity? what was the other major crimes of humanity ?
what historical event was the verdict of the billion in billion of crimes against humanity ?
who first made the name of the german genocide, count 3, and what was the first definition of ?
who dismissed the appeal by nikola jorgic for genocide by a german court ?
what has the german courts done to the german courts? what has been done by the european court of ?
what have most scholars taken the view of the documented events of the deaths of both serb and croatian ' ?
what was the goal of ethnic cleansing by the serb forces in bosnia and herzegovina ?
who found the deaths of the deaths of the deaths of the deaths of the deaths of the deaths of ?
how many people have been indicted for participating in genocide in the early 1990s in bosnia? how many people ?
what kind of bargain has been found guilty of genocide in the early 1990s in bosnia? what kind of ?
what has zdravko tolimir been found guilty of committing genocide and what other crime has ?
what has the death penalty been found guilty of in addition to the three probable deaths of the two men ?
who found three people guilty of genocide in bosnia ?
what happened on 11 march 2006? what happened to tito's life ?
where was karadzic arrested ?
who were the bosnian serbs arrested on several charges including genocide ?
what was slobodan milosevic accused of doing ?
who was the former president of serbia and of yugoslavia ?
what is the name of the court that looks at the rwanda genocide ?
when did the rwanda genocide take place ?
who created the ictr ?
what did the ictr determine ?
who experienced the rwanda genocide ?
what has there been a lot of the debate about the ethnic origins of the massacres taken by the ?
who declared the russo - croatian war genocide ?
who declared the genocide of darfur ?
what group issued a report to the un security council in 2005 ?
what has the un security council stated that the government of sudan has not pursued a policy of genocide ?
what was the public definition of the situation in darfur ?
what was the account taken into account by the security council's statement regarding the unrest in darfur ?
along with china, what country abstained from the swazi security council's two permanent members of ?
what report from the security council revealed the prosecutor's findings ?
what do other authors focus on leading up to genocide and social processes that lead to genocide? what do ?
what types of processes have lead to the evolution of the armenian genocide movement is focused on the structural conditions ?
who stated that the political problems with the russo - croatian war ?
what is the history of what is the victim of the genocide ?
what is a major way to prevent the deaths of the victims? what is a major way to prevent ?
what is a common phenomenon of antibiotics becoming more like antibiotics ?
what does emergence of bacteria to antibiotics reflect? what type of ary processes that occur during antibiotic ?
in what year was antibacterial selection for strains with previously acquired antibacterial - resistance ?
what antibiotics are less effective for bacterial strains to become less effective for bacterial strains to make antibiotics less effective ?
what does emergence of bacteria to antibiotics reflect? what does emergence of resistance to antibiotics ?
what can be increased by antibiotic treatment? what can be increased by antibiotic treatment ?
in what year was antibacterial selection for strains with previously acquired antibacterial - resistance ?
who demonstrated antibacterial selection for strains that were resistant to antibacterial selection for strains ?
what is the activity of antibacterials frequently dependent on ?
what have clinical effects on the beliefs of clinical settings been shown to eliminate in clinical settings? what have ?
what do bactericidal activity of antibacterials depend on ?
what is required to cause the bacterial growth phase to depend on the impact of bacterial growth on antiba ?
what is the activity of antibacterials frequently dependent on ?
what are the factors that determine the outcome of antimicrobial therapy with antibacterial compounds ?
what is used to determine the role of antibacterial markers for drug efficacy ?
what do most antibacterial antibiotics target ?
what are the main target bacterial cell wall? what are the main target bacterial cell wall ?
what is the cell membrane ?
what are the main target protein synthesis ?
what are antibacterial antibiotics classified based on? what is one reason antibacterial antibiotics ?
what are the main target bacterial cell wall? what are the main target bacterial cell wall ?
what is the cell membrane ?
how many new classes of antibacterial antibiotics were introduced in the late 2000s ?
what are common bases of antibacterial antibiotics ?
what do modern antibacterials have ?
penicillin is a semisynthetic modifications to natural compounds that are semisynthetic modifications ?
what is the name of the compounds that are still isolated from living organisms ?
what is the chemical process produced by antibacterials produced by chemical ?
what do modern antibacterials semisynthetic modifications to modern antibacterials semisy ?
what is the molecular weight of antibacterial compounds ?
what is one of the beta - lactam antibiotics produced by fungi in the genus penicillium ?
who produced penicillin ?
what disease has led to the widespread spread of diseases with vaccinations led to the widespread spread ?
what did antibiotics lead to ?
what organization has put out a vaccine against antimicrobial resistance has led to the classification of risk ?
when did antibiotics begin to revolutionize medicine ?
who has the potential to affect the world health organization's potential to affect the world health organization ' ?
what has caused bacteria to do so with more antibiotics than bacteria to do? what has caused bacteria to ?
what organization has put out a vaccine against antimicrobial resistance has led to the classification of risk ?
in what century did antibiotics begin to revolutionize medicine ?
what has led to widespread problems with antimicrobial resistance? what has led to widespread problems with ?
what has led to the spread of diseases in the 20th century ?
when did antibiotics begin to revolutionize medicine ?
what has caused bacteria to do so with more antibiotics than bacteria to do? what has caused bacteria to ?
what organization has put out a vaccine against antimicrobial resistance has led to the classification of risk ?
what area of the world is current research on antimicrobial resistance happening right now in the world ?
when did antibiotics begin to revolutionize medicine ?
what has led to widespread problems with preventing disease spread ?
what was a major reason for overuse of antibiotics in the 20th century? what was a major reason ?
what disease has led to the widespread spread of diseases with vaccinations led to the widespread spread ?
what type of therapy is a patient with tb that has proven or suspected infection? what type of therapy ?
where do you need to know the exact identification of microorgansim ?
what is the best choice of antibiotic to be administered by the doctor to administer the best choice ?
what is the doctor's approval process for the doctor's approval process for the doctor's ?
how long does it take to identify microorgansim to identify microorgansim with microorg ?
what is the best choice of antibiotic to be administered by the doctor to administer the best choice ?
what is the impact of tb infection in a patient with tb infection in empirical therapy? is tb infection ?
when does empirical therapy take longer time to be identified with empirical therapy? when does empirical therapy take longer ?
what are the major adverse effects of antibiotics ?
what causes diarrhea ?
what type of bacteria can be used to control overgrowth of species of bacteria in the vulvo ?
what do some side effects of drug damage from administration of antibiotics cause damage from administration of antibiotics? what ?
what do some scientists use antibiotics for chronic diseases ?
what are antibiotics screened for on humans? what are antibiotics screened for on humans or other mammals before approval ?
what type of treatment is approval for what type of use are antibiotics generally considered to be safe and most ?
what is targeted, and what is targeted most by side effects ?
what range of effects can be had from fever and nausea to major allergic reactions to blood from fever and ?
what do some scientists use antibiotics to treat chronic diseases ?
what are antibiotics screened for before approval for clinical use? what are antibiotics screened for before approval for clinical ?
what are the adverse effects of antibiotics? what are the adverse effects of adverse effects of antibiotics ?
what is a common side - effects of antibiotics ?
what do antibacterials lead to ?
what can result from interaction with other drugs and subsequent exposure of antibiotics can result from interaction with other drugs ?
exposure to antibiotics in humans and mouse models are exposure to antibiotics early in humans and mouse models with exposure ?
what does stat stand for ?
what are the causes of the exposure to harmful antibiotic treatment? what are the causes of the animal ?
what is the general opinion on whether or not antibiotics cause obesity in humans? what is the general opinion ?
what is the effect of antibiotics on obesity in humans? what is the effect of antibiotics on obesity in ?
exposure to antibiotics in humans and mouse models are exposure to antibiotics early in humans and mouse models with exposure ?
what is a critical period for the establishment of the intestinal microbiota ?
what is the general opinion on whether or not antibiotics cause obesity in humans? what is the general opinion ?
what do the majority of studies indicate is interfere with contraceptive pills? what do the majority of studies ?
what is the failure rate of contraceptive pills reported to be the failure rate of contraceptive pills caused ?
what can cause the intestinal flora to effect the intestinal flora? what can cause the intestinal ?
what are some possible effects of the exposure to antibacterials? what have some research done on ?
what have clinicians recommended to clinicians to use to treat these issues? what have clinicians recommended ?
what do the majority of studies indicate antibiotics interfere with ?
what is the failure rate of contraceptive pills reported to be the failure rate of contraceptive pills caused ?
what could the intestinal flora cause in the intestinal flora? what could cause the effect of the ?
what do drug clinicians suggest these effects on the pill are possible to interact with these effects? what ?
what do the majority of studies indicate? what do the majority of studies about contraceptive pills interfere with ?
what have clinicians recommended to clinicians to use to treat these issues? what have clinicians recommended ?
what is the failure rate of contraceptive pills reported to be the failure rate of contraceptive pills caused ?
what can cause side effects and what can cause side effects and what can cause side effects of antibiotic ?
is there a commonbiotic that is associated with the effect of moderate alcohol consumption and moderate alcohol consumption is ?
what is one reason why are there specific types of antibiotics ?
what is the belief that alcohol and antibiotics should be believed to be believed to be the belief that alcohol ?
what can cause side effects and side effects can be caused by interactions between alcohol and antibiotics can cause side ?
what is possible to interfere with moderate amount of alcohol and moderate amount of alcohol and moderate amount of alcohol ?
what is believed should be mixed with alcohol and antibiotics should be mixed with alcohol and antibiotics should be mixed ?
what is one possible combination of antibiotics and what antibiotics can cause side - effects and other drugs can cause ?
what are there? what are there ?
what is believed to be believed to be believed to be believed to be believed to be believed to be ?
what may be part of the genetic makeup of bacterial strains ?
what can be exchanged between different bacterial strains and species transfer between different bacterial strains and species transfer between different ?
what can be found in the human body that can be found in the human body that can be found ?
what is the spread of antibacterial resistance often occurs through what of mutations during growth and genetic ?
what is acquired resistance result from in acquired resistance ?
what does the spread of antibacterial resistance often occur through? what does the spread of anti ?
what can confer resistance to multiple antibacterial plasmids do what to different pro ?
what is another term for antibacterial - resistant strains and species are sometimes referred to as " ?
what disease can be caused by tb ?
how many new cases of multidrug - resistant tuberculosis are estimated to occur worldwide every year? how ?
what's the name of the billion new cases of multidrug - resistant tuberculosis infections are estimated ?
what has contributed to the emergence of antibiotic - resistant bacteria? what has contributed to the emergence of ?
what type of antibiotics are used to treat diseases that don't respond to antibiotics? what type of antibiotics ?
what has been associated with emerging antibiotic resistance has been associated with emerging antibiotic resistance in the 20th ?
what is excessive use of antibiotic misuse of antibiotic misuse of antibiotics in travelers and medical ?
what is a common form of misuse of antibiotics? what is a common form of misuse of ?
what are other forms of misuse? what are some forms of misuse ?
what is the prescription to treat viral infections? what is the prescription to treat viral infections ?
what did a study performed by physicians on respiratory tract infections found physicians more likely to do to those who ?
what has caused misuse and overuse of antibiotics ?
who coordinated the effort to make antibiotics ?
in what year did the " antibiotics are not automatic " government campaign begin to focus on the safety of ?
when did the eu ban the use of antibiotics ?
what was the name of the report that was made in what publication in 1970 ?
what organizations called for restrictions on antibiotic use in animal production? what organizations called for restrictions on anti ?
what are the two federal bills that aimed at reducing nontherapeutic use of antibiotics in the ?
what are some of the other federal bills that were proposed by the eu's two federal bills that ?
what kind of husbandry has there been extensive use of antibiotics ?
in what year was the us food and drug administration's approving the us food and drug administration ?
when did the us district court rule that antibiotics were given approvals for the use of antibiotics in the ?
before the 20th century, what was the basic treatment for infections before the 20th century were treatments for infections ?
when were mixtures with antimicrobial properties used in treatments of infections? when were mixtures ?
what did ancient egyptians use to treat infections? what did ancient egyptians use to treat infections ?
what does'antibiosis'mean ?
who first introduced antibiosis ?
what kind of disease caused bacteria to be affected by the effects of penicillin has been noticed many ?
who noticed the effects of penicillin in 1928 ?
what was the name of the antibacterial compound that helped tell the effects of penicillin ?
what did fleming postulate the effects of penicillin help to exploited penicillin ?
what was the first commercial sulfonamide first available ?
where were the bayer laboratories ?
who led the first production of sulfonamide ?
what prize did domagk receive for his contribution in medicine ?
what was the name of the first synthetic antibiotic ?
in what year did dubos discover the first natural antibiotic ?
what event in 1939 was coinciding with what event did dubos discover the first known antibiotic ?
who reported the discovery of the first natural antibiotic ?
what was tyrothricin used to treat during world war ii ?
when did penicillin g become widely available outside of the allied military before 1945? what year did ?
before what year did penicillin become widely available outside the allied military before what year did penici ?
who created the back extraction technique for efficiently purifying penicillin? who created the back extraction ?
when was the chemical structure of penicillin determined ?
who determined the chemical structure of penicillin ?
what do vaccines rely on ?
what has caused a reduction in global bacterial diseases ?
what has caused less reactogenic, cell - free vaccines, and less reactogenic, cell - free ?
what is another option that is being looked at for treating resistant strains of bacteria ?
how are researchers treating resistant bacteria with their own viruses? what is the way researchers use phage therapy ?
what is one of the worries about using phages to fight pathogenic bacteria? what is one of ?
how many new antibiotics were approved in the united states in 2009 ?
how many antibiotics were found to be resistant to the bacilli of antibiotics? how many antibiotics were ?
in what year did the infectious disease society of america report that the weak antibiotic pipeline of bacteria ' ?
who regulates clinical trials ?
what could persuade pharmaceutical companies to invest in drug development? what could persuade pharmaceutical companies to invest in the ?
what is the growing threat of what does antibiotic development to advance patient treatment try to combat the threat ?
who is the senior director for health programs at pew charitable trusts ?
what ethnicity was frederic francois chopin ?
during which era did frederic chopin live ?
what did frederic chopin write primarily for ?
where was chopin born ?
how old was frederic chopin when he left poland ?
in what year was frederic francois chopin born ?
during which era did frederic chopin live ?
what duchy was chopin born in ?
what did frederic chopin write primarily for ?
how old was frederic chopin when he left poland ?
when did frederic francois chopin die ?
what was frederic francois chopin's name ?
what did frederic chopin write primarily for ?
during which era did frederic chopin live ?
in what year was frederic francois chopin born ?
what duchy was chopin born in ?
how old was frederic chopin when he left poland ?
what era did frederic chopin live in ?
when did frederic francois chopin die ?
at what age did chopin settle in paris ?
how many public performances did chopin give during his last 18 years of his life? how many public performances ?
in what year did chopin obtain french citizenship ?
where did chopin visit sand in 1838 ?
what disease did chopin have to die in 1849 ?
where did chopin settle at the age of 21, where did chopin settle ?
how many public performances did chopin give during his last 18 years of his life? how many public performances ?
with whom did chopin form a friendship with ?
in what year did chopin obtain french citizenship ?
who did chopin refuse to be a member of the french army ?
at what age did chopin settle in paris ?
how many public performances did chopin give during his last 18 years of his life? how many public performances ?
in what year did chopin obtain french citizenship ?
who was the admirer of chopin financially supported by his admirers ?
in what year did chopin obtain french citizenship ?
who was the admirer of chopin financially supported by his admirers ?
what disease did chopin have to die in 1849 ?
what instrument did chopin write ?
what concept did chopin create ?
what classical tradition influenced chopin's compositional style? what classical style did chopin influence ?
what were his performances of chopin's keyboard style noted for ?
where did chopin live ?
what instrument did chopin write ?
what concept did chopin create ?
what were his performances of chopin's keyboard style noted for ?
what classical tradition influenced chopin's compositional style? what classical style did chopin influence ?
what nationality did chopin write some songs to ?
what instrument did chopin write ?
what nationality did chopin write some songs to ?
what were his performances of chopin's keyboard style noted for ?
what classical tradition influenced chopin's compositional style? what classical style did chopin influence ?
what instrument did chopin write ?
what nationality did chopin write some songs to ?
where did chopin live ?
how indirect of chopin's style of music did chopin's association with political insurrection, chopin ' ?
what two things made chopin a leading symbol of his history with political insurrection ?
in what era did chopin's music symbol him in his history ?
what types of historical accuracy has chopin been known for ?
in what country did chopin's native poland take place in poland ?
in what country did chopin live in france ?
what political movement did chopin's music share his history with ?
in what era did chopin's music symbol him in his history ?
in what country did chopin's native poland take place in poland ?
what political movement did chopin's music share his history with ?
in what era did chopin's music symbol him in his history ?
where was fryderyk chopin born ?
when was fryderyk chopin born ?
what was the birthdate of fryderyk chopin's birthdate ?
what latin word does fryderyk chopin use his name in polish ?
how many miles west of warsaw was fryderyk chopin born ?
where was fryderyk chopin born ?
who established the duchy of warsaw ?
when was fryderyk chopin born ?
what was the birthdate of fryderyk chopin's birthdate ?
what latin word does fryderyk chopin use his name in polish ?
who established the duchy of warsaw ?
when was fryderyk chopin born ?
what was the birthdate of fryderyk chopin's birthdate ?
what latin word does fryderyk chopin use his name in polish ?
where was fryderyk chopin born ?
who established the duchy of warsaw ?
who did nicolas chopin marry in 1806 ?
when was fryderyk baptized ?
what was the ethnicity of the aristocracy ?
what was the name of fryderyk's father was what nationality of chopin ?
where was deprestance chopin from ?
who did nicolas chopin marry in 1806 ?
who was the brother of nicolas chopin ?
what was the name of fryderyk's oldest daughter ?
what was the name of fryderyk's father was what nationality of chopin ?
where was deprestance chopin from ?
what was the name of fryderyk's oldest daughter ?
in what month did the family move to warsaw ?
what was the second language of fryderyk's father learned a post teaching in poland ?
where did the family live where where did the family live ?
what instrument did the father play ?
what was chopin prone to in the house that chopin was prone to ?
when did the family move to warsaw ?
where did fryderyk's father teach french ?
what instrument did the father play ?
what instrument did the mother play ?
how long after fryderyk's birth did the family move to warsaw ?
what was the second language of fryderyk's father learned a post teaching in poland ?
what instrument did the father play ?
what instrument did the mother play ?
where did his father live after fryderyk's birth ?
who was the first professional music tutor from fryderyk ?
who was the elder sister of fryderyk ?
how many polonaises did fryderyk make two polonaises in g minor and b - ?
what did fryderyk make in 1817 ?
what was the name of fryderyk's second written work was known as his earliest surviving musical ?
who was the first professional music tutor from fryderyk ?
who was the elder sister of fryderyk ?
how many polonaises did fryderyk make two polonaises in g minor and b - ?
in what year did fryderyk begin giving two polonaises ?
when was fryderyk's first professional music tutor ?
who was the first professional music tutor from fryderyk ?
who was the elder sister of fryderyk ?
how many polonaises did fryderyk make two polonaises in g minor and b - ?
who was the first professional music tutor from fryderyk ?
in what year was the saxon palace requisitioned by warsaw's russian governor ?
what is the present name of the university that now sits where the kazimierz palace is now ?
where was the warsaw lyceum reestablished in 1817 ?
where was fryderyk invited to play the piano for the duke of fryderyk invited to play ?
what eclogue was " our discourses " in 1818 ?
in what year was the saxon palace requisitioned by warsaw's russian governor ?
where was the warsaw lyceum reestablished in 1817 ?
who was the ruler of russian poland ?
what did fryderyk compose for him ?
who wrote a dramatic eclogue, " nasze przebiegi "? who wrote the ec ?
where was fryderyk invited to play the piano for the duke of fryderyk invited to play ?
who was the ruler of russian poland ?
what did fryderyk compose for him ?
who wrote a dramatic eclogue, " nasze przebiegi "? who wrote the ec ?
during which years did chopin attend the warsaw lyceum? during what time did chopin attend the warsaw ?
who taught music theory in poland ?
what was the name of the mechanical organ invented by chopin? what was the name of the mechanical organ ?
who presented him with a diamond ring ?
when did chopin give his first performance in eolomelodicon concert ?
who taught chopin at the warsaw lyceum ?
who taught music theory in poland ?
what was the name of the mechanical organ invented by chopin? what was the name of the mechanical organ ?
what was the name of the ring presented him with what ring did the tsar give him with ?
what was the name of chopin's first musical comedy held by chopin at a religio held ?
who taught chopin at the warsaw lyceum ?
who taught music theory in poland ?
what was the name of the mechanical organ invented by chopin? what was the name of the mechanical organ ?
what did the tsar presented chopin with at a european concert ?
what was the name of chopin's first work in the eolomelodicon concert held by ?
who was the father of a schoolmate in 1824 and 1825? who was the father of a school ?
where did chopin go in 1824 ?
who was the author of the letters home from szafarnia was the author of the letters home ?
what did his family get his own spoofing of ?
who was the father of a schoolmate in 1824 and 1825? who was the father of a school ?
what type of music did hayek encounter at szafarnia ?
who was the father of a schoolmate in 1824 and 1825? who was the father of a school ?
what title did chopin give his letters home from his home ?
where did chopin go in 1824 ?
in what year did the family move from the warsaw university building ?
where was the krasinski palace located ?
in what year did chopin move to poland ?
what did the chopin family parlour become in the 20th century ?
who executed a set of portraits of chopin family members in 1829 ?
in what year did the family move from the warsaw university building ?
in what year did chopin move to poland ?
what did the parents of chopin's parents continue to run their house for the family running during the ?
who executed a set of portraits of chopin family members in 1829 ?
who was chopin's youngest ?
in what year did chopin move to poland ?
which family was a museum in the 20th century ?
who executed a set of portraits of chopin family members in 1829 ?
what gender of student boarding house did chopin's parents go to boarding house for ?
which two other boarders were influenced by his family being a boarder at his family's paris ?
which musical genre did chopin play ?
who were the four boarders at his parents'apartments ?
which musical genre did chopin play ?
which piece of his family was secret dedicated to her ?
when was his final conservatory report read ?
which two other boarders were influenced by his family being a boarder at his family's paris ?
which musical genre did chopin play ?
who was the four boarders at his parents'apartments ?
which piece of his family was secret dedicated to her ?
how many boarders at his family's house were in chopin's cabinet? how many board ?
who did chopin travel with to visit berlin ?
who gave the tour of crystallin music by carl friedrich zelter, like tito'szzin ?
who was the duke of berlin ?
what did chopin make for his second piano ?
when did chopin visit berlin ?
who did chopin travel with to visit berlin ?
who gave the tour of crystallin music by carl friedrich zelter, like tito'szzin ?
who was the duke of berlin ?
what did chopin make for his second piano ?
in what year did chopin visit berlin ?
who did chopin travel with to visit berlin ?
what occupation did feliks jarocki have occupation with ?
who gave the tour of crystallin music by carl friedrich zelter, like tito'szzin ?
in what year did he return to berlin ?
what was the name of the set of variations composed by niccolo paganini's violin ?
on which month did chopin make his debut in vienna? on which month did chopin make his debut in ?
how many piano concerts did chopin give? how many piano concerts did chopin give ?
when did chopin's piano concerto no. 21 take place at which date did chopin's piano ?
what was the name of the set of variations composed by niccolo paganini's violin ?
where did chopin make his debut ?
what instrument did chopin create in october of 1829? what instrument did chopin create in october of 1829 ?
when did chopin return to warsaw ?
what was the reason chopin disagreed with chopin's decision to play the violin ?
who composed a set of variations in the violin? who composed a set of variations in the violin ?
where did chopin make his debut ?
how many piano concerts did chopin give? how many piano concerts did chopin give ?
how many weeks after completing his studies at the warsaw conservatory did chopin make his debut in vienna? how ?
when did chopin set out into the world with chopin's en massion into the wide world ?
where did chopin go after moving to italy ?
in which year did the uprising take place in poland ?
who set out the door to western europe? who set out the door to western europe ?
who set out the door to western europe? who set out the door to western europe ?
who was headed for austria? who headed for austria ?
where did chopin want to go after moving to austria ?
what was the name of the uprising that took place in warsaw ?
chopin opened the door to what continent did chopin open his doors for which continent ?
who was headed for austria? who headed for austria ?
in which year did chopin set out into the world with chopin's set out into the wide world ?
what did chopin write to in september 1831 ?
in what year did chopin learn to enact his own lessons in september ?
chopin became one of the expatriates chopin to return to poland ?
what version of his given names did chopin use his given names in france ?
in what year did chopin receive french citizenship ?
what did chopin remain to polish and polish emigration ?
chopin was one of the expatriates of what nationality did chopin become ?
when did chopin arrive in paris ?
chopin became one of the expatriates chopin to return to poland ?
in what year did chopin receive french citizenship ?
who wrote that chopin was never considered himself a pole ?
where did chopin return to paris after moving to poland ?
in what country did chopin use the french versions of his given names ?
what version of his given names did chopin use his given names in france ?
who wrote that chopin was never considered himself a pole ?
chopin became one of the expatriates chopin to return to poland ?
where did chopin find opportunities to exude to exudemble his talents and celebrity ?
who was chopin acquainted with chopin ?
what did chopin set some of chopin's style of poetry ?
who was chopin acquainted with chopin ?
who were the famous artists and other distinguished figures in paris? who were the famous artists and other distinguished ?
who was chopin acquainted with chopin ?
what was adam mickiewicz's occupation ?
who was the polish friend in paris who unsuccessfully tried to establish himself in england ?
who was the learned brother who later served as chopin's adviser ?
who did albert grzymaa fill the role of ?
who was the polish friend in paris who unsuccessfully tried to establish himself in england ?
what nationality were the two friends in paris ?
where did julian fontana unsuccessfully try to establish himself ?
where did julian fontana unsuccessfully try to establish himself ?
who was the learned brother who later served as chopin's adviser ?
who was the learned brother who later served as chopin's adviser ?
who was the polish friend in paris who unsuccessfully tried to establish himself in england ?
where did julian fontana attend college ?
who reviewing the op 2 variations in the allgemeine musikalische zeitung was the first ?
when did chopin give a debut paris concert ?
what technique did chopin use to demonstrate the musical accompaniment of chopin's concert ?
who did chopin not depend on financially ?
who reviewing the op 2 variations in the allgemeine musikalische zeitung was the first ?
when did chopin give a debut paris concert ?
who was the wealthiest family that was introduced to the wealthy in the late 19th century ?
what year did chopin receive the first major endorsement of chopin? at the end of what year did chopin ?
what technique did chopin use to make his musical style more prominent than chopin ?
what did chopin do in the winter of 1832 ?
where did chopin play at salons? where did chopin play at salons? where did chopin play ?
what instrument did chopin play at a concert held by bach for three keyboards? how did chopin perform at ?
where did chopin usually give a single annual concert held in paris? where did chopin usually give a single ?
what was the name of chopin's final variation on bellini's theme ?
with whom did chopin plan to issue a new arrangement for his music book published in 1833 ?
who was chopin's pupil at the concert held by chopin at a concert held by chopin at a ?
where did chopin play at salons? where did chopin prefer to play at salons ?
who performed a concerto by j. s bach for three keyboards ?
with whom did chopin plan to issue a new arrangement for his music book published in 1833 ?
who did chopin meet in the spring of 1834? who did chopin meet in the festival? who did ?
what did mendelssohn do during the festival? what did mendelssohn do at his ?
who was the director of the academy of art? who was the director of the academy of art ?
where did chopin go to in 1835 chopin went to paris ?
what festival did chopin attend in 1834 ?
with which musical director attended the lower rhenish music festival in strasbourg? who attended the lower r ?
where did chopin go to in 1835 chopin went to paris ?
when did chopin travel to marienbad and dresden to be with his sister ludwika inscribed ?
who approved the principle of his musical director ?
who did chopin meet in the spring of 1834? who did chopin meet in the festival? who did ?
where did chopin attend the festival? where did the three attend the lower rhenish music festival ?
what position did friedrich wilhelm schadow hold his position in the festival? what position did friedrich wilhelm ?
who did chopin make the acquaintance of his daughter ?
who did chopin write a letter saying he met rossini, cherubini, and did chopin write ?
who did liszt think was the subject of how did liszt think that he was curious about ?
who met chopin in paris ?
when was chopin's parisian debut ?
who did chopin write a letter saying he met rossini, cherubini, and did chopin write ?
where was chopin's parisian debut ?
where did chopin live? where did chopin live ?
how far away from the hotel de france from paris, where was the hotel de france located ?
how many times did chopin and his wife participate in the met between 1833 and 1841 were the two men ?
who played george onslow's sonata in f minor for piano duet with hector berlioz ?
where was the last appearance in a charity concert held for the beethoven memorial ?
when was the first of the two mens met at a benefit concert organized by hector berlio ?
where was the last public charity concert held in berlin ?
where was the last appearance in a charity concert held for the beethoven memorial ?
where did chopin and liszt live? where did chopin and liszt live ?
how many times did chopin and his wife participate in the met between 1833 and 1841 were the two men ?
who played george onslow's sonata in f minor for piano duet with hector berlioz ?
what qualities did the two artists have qualities of ?
what did some argued that liszt had become enchanted with liszt? what did some people think liszt had become ?
what did chopin have to make a new arrangement of the intricate embellishment of the music composed by ?
how did chopin refer to him? how did chopin refer to him ?
what dedicatee did liszt use to write to chopin ?
who was the rumored lover of chopin? who was the rumored lover of chopin ?
who did chopin express a heartache with ?
who did chopin express a heartache with ?
who was the rumored lover of chopin? who was the rumored lover of chopin ?
who wrote a famous dance text from liszt ?
who did some believe that chopin had felt that chopin had felt that chopin had been greatly affected by the ?
who was the host for a party held by chopin at a party held in 1836? who hosted the ?
what was the name of chopin's polish written work was written by chopin? what was the name ?
who wrote sand ?
who was chopin's french author was born in 1836? who was chopin's wife ?
what was thought to be influenced by the letters from maria wodzinska's mother influenced the ?
what was the name of chopin's polish written work was written by chopin? what was the name ?
who was the host for a party held by chopin at a party held in 1836? who hosted the ?
in what year did maria wodzinska's mother make it clear to be a woman ?
what was the name of chopin's polish written work was written by chopin? what was the name ?
who wrote sand ?
where did chopin go in june 1837 ?
what was the response to the return to paris did chopin play his own business with sand? why did ?
how old was sand when he met sand? how old was sand when he met sand? how old ?
what type of winter did chopin and his wife spend a winter on majorca ?
where was the carthusian monastery located ?
what piano manufacturer did chopin go to london in june 1837 ?
what was the occupation of james broadwood ?
how old was sand when he met sand? how old was sand when he met sand? how old ?
who was sand's wife ?
where did the group take lodgings for lodgings in valldemossa ?
when did chopin become lovers ?
where did chopin and his wife go in the winter? where did chopin and his wife go in 1838 ?
who was the other patron of the winter in paris? who was the other patron of the two men ?
who was sand's wife ?
where did the group take lodgings for lodgings in valldemossa ?
how many doctors did chopin say were to be from majorca ?
what did chopin use to send chopin to paris ?
what condition did chopin think his piano was good at ?
how many days did chopin complained about his bad health ?
in which month did chopin complained about his bad health ?
what was the main reason chopin complained about ?
what did chopin use to help him ?
in which month did chopin complained about his bad health ?
what type of piano did chopin use to play his piano ?
what caused chopin to leave the island ?
who bought the piano from the french couple of people ?
where did the group go to to barcelona ?
where did sand go to stay at sand's estate in may 1839 ?
where did sand move to in 1842 ?
who bought the piano from the french couple of people that did not sell the piano to avoid further customs ?
where did the group go to to barcelona ?
where did sand go to stay at sand's estate in may 1839 ?
where was chopin's apartment located in paris? where was chopin's apartment in paris ?
where did sand move to in 1842 ?
what caused chopin to leave the island ?
who bought the piano from the french couple of people ?
where did the group go to to barcelona ?
where did sand move to in 1842 ?
where did sand go to stay at sand's estate in may 1839 ?
what dress rehearsal did chopin and sand present at the dress rehearsal of which piece at the dress rehearsal held ?
what anniversary of the july revolution was the july revolution held on july 26th ?
who was the dead tenor at paris'funeral in 1839 ?
where did chopin make a rare appearance at chopin's funeral ?
what was the organ at chopin's organ from 1839 ?
who was the dead tenor at paris'funeral in 1839 ?
what was the organ at chopin's organ from chopin's organ from chopin's organ from ?
what dress rehearsal did chopin and sand present at the dress rehearsal of which piece at the dress rehearsal held ?
chopin and sand were present at the dress rehearsal of berlioz's famous symphon ?
what is one of chopin's works during the summers at nohant ?
who advised on piano technique and was a famous espository chopin advised on piano technique and composition ?
when did delacroix write a letter expressing his stay at nohant ?
what did chopin recommend to use to avoid couer's advice on which subjects did chopin recommend to ?
who were the visitors to nohant ?
what did chopin recommend to use to avoid couer's advice on the use of chopin advised on ?
who was one of chopin's familiar compositions were among the visitors to nohant ?
when did chopin face off against serious illness ?
who did chopin write to after a solo recital in paris on february 21, 1842 ?
which piece was forced to continue the performance of which piece by beethoven's solo recital in paris ?
what instrument did chopin play ?
what did chopin suffer from ?
when did chopin face off against serious illness ?
which piece did chopin repeat performance of ?
what did chopin suffer from ?
when did chopin face off against serious illness, when did chopin show signs of serious illness ?
what was the main struggle chopin describes he's aching so much that he was aching so much that ?
from whom did chopin decline a written invitation to participate in a repeat performance of beethoven's last symphony ?
who found chopin to move him to which charleston street did chopin visit in 1844 ?
what did chopin suffer from ?
who was the husband of solange's cousin, solange's affair with solange was ?
what did chopin blame for sand's attention to sand and sand? what did chopin blame for sand ?
what did sand refer to chopin as ?
what was the name of sand's novel, what was the name of sand's novel, ?
in what year did sand publish her novel lucrezia floriani ?
when were chopin's relations with sand soured ?
who was the husband of solange's cousin, solange's affair with solange was ?
what was the name of sand's novel, what was the name of sand's novel, ?
who was the young fortune - hunting sculptor ?
what occupation did sand become more of to chopin than she did she call chopin ?
what was the name of sand's novel, what was the name of sand's novel, ?
in what year did sand publish her novel lucrezia floriani ?
in 1844 chopin wrote which piece in 1844 ?
how refined were the three mazurkas? how refined were the three mazurkas written ?
how many works had chopin written in 1841 ?
how many compositions were written in 1842 ?
in 1844 chopin wrote which piece in 1844 ?
how many compositions were written in 1842 ?
how many pieces were written in 1843 ?
what did chopin write the op. 58 sonata's 1845 era saw the completion of what piece by ?
when did chopin give his last paris concert ?
who gave chopin his last paris concert ?
when did chopin give his last paris concert ?
who gave chopin his last paris concert ?
what did chopin's public popularity cause chopin to do ?
who gave chopin his last paris concert ?
what was the name of the sonata op. 65 movements of what sonata op. 65 movements did chopin ?
who covered chopin's life in what bbc program covered chopin's life ?
who realised chopin's chopin's life was realised in a 2010 documentary ?
what was the name of chopin's life covered by a bbc documentary about chopin's life in ?
who covered chopin's life in what bbc program covered chopin's life ?
what documentary covered chopin's life in 2010 ?
who realised chopin's chopin's life was realised in a 2010 documentary ?
who realised chopin's chopin's life was realised in a 2010 documentary ?
what 1945 biographical film earned a grammy for being a classical turner earned a grammy nomination for the bio ' ?
who earned an academy award nomination for'a song to remember earned an academy award nomination for a song ?
when was la valse de l'adieu made ?
who starred in a film with chopin starred in a film with chopin ?
who was chopin's life and relations with chopin's life was fictionalized in numerous films ?
what 1945 biographical film earned a grammy for being a classical turner earned a grammy nomination for the bio ' ?
who earned an academy award nomination for'a song to remember earned an academy award nomination for a song ?
who was the name of chopin? who was the name of chopin ?
who starred in a film with chopin starred in a film with chopin ?
in what year was chopin's musical history produced in milan ?
where was chopin's chopin produced ?
who wrote chopin? who wrote chopin? who wrote chopin? who wrote chopin ?
who was the first known fictional treatments of who's life was fictionalized ?
what type of opera was the first known fictional treatments of chopin's fictional treatments of chopin's ?
who wrote chopin? who wrote chopin? who wrote chopin? who wrote chopin ?
in what year was chopin's musical history produced in milan ?
where was chopin's chopin produced ?
who wrote chopin? who wrote chopin ?
who were two french writers on chopin ?
what was the earliest expression of chopin ?
what is the earliest known expression for chopin ?
what year was chopin born ?
what language is the book, the biography of chopin, the biography of chopin, and what language is ?
how often is the grand prix du disque de f. chopin held ?
what is the name of the polish chopin society ?
which magazine provided critique of the performance of chopin's bicentenary of chopin's bicent ?
which group organizes the grand prix du disque de f. chopin held every 5 years ?
how often is the grand prix du disque de f. chopin held ?
which magazine provided critique of the performance of chopin's bicentenary of chopin's bicent ?
what year was the earliest recording of chopin's recording ?
what was the earliest recording recorded by paul pabst ?
who performed the earliest recording of chopin's recording was an 1895 performance by chopin ?
who notes that chopin's recording of chopin's recordings were recorded by all the great pianists ?
what year was the earliest recording of chopin's recording ?
who gave a select discography of chopin's recordings of chopin's chopin's musical heritage ?
what is the world's oldest monographic music competition held every 5 years in warsaw ?
when was the international chopin piano competition founded ?
where is the world's oldest monographic music competition held every 5 years ?
how often is the international chopin piano competition held in warsaw ?
how many performances of chopin's chopin live in youtube as of january 2014? how many performances of ?
what is the world's oldest monographic music competition held in warsaw ?
when was the international chopin piano competition founded ?
what is the name of poland's musical history collection of chopin's compositions ?
how many performances of chopin's chopin live in youtube? how many performances of chopin's chopin ?
what ballet did chopin's music use in the ballet that chopin created chopin's music was used ?
who choreographed chopin's chopiniana ?
what was the name of the french title used for later productions of chopin's music used to produce ?
who orchestrated chopin's chopiniana ?
in what year was chopin's music used in the ballet chopiniana ?
what ballet did chopin's music use in the ballet that chopin created chopin's music was used ?
who choreographed chopin's chopiniana ?
who orchestrated chopin's chopiniana ?
what title did the show presented in later productions use the title of the show presented in later productions of ?
where did stirling move to after leaving paris ?
who suggested that the tour was suggested to him by his scottish pupil ?
where did stirling move to after leaving paris ?
who suggested that the tour was suggested to him ?
who suggested that the tour was suggested to him by his scottish pupil ?
during which war did stirling leave london in 1848 ?
what was jane stirling's nationality ?
where did chopin live ?
who provided chopin a grand piano ?
where did queen victoria and prince albert meet at his first engagement ?
who were at the audience at the first engagement ?
on what day did throughrdot share the platform with viardot ?
where did chopin live ?
what instrument did broadwood provide him with at dover street ?
who were at the audience at the first engagement ?
what was the high fee of one guinea's fine piano scholar ?
with whom did chopin share his platform at a concert with chopin at a concert with chopin at a concert ?
where did jane stirling visit in late summer of 1848 ?
who was the polish physician who lived at warriston crescent in edinburgh? who was the name of ?
where did jane stirling visit in late summer of 1848 ?
where did he give a public concert on september 27, which city did he give a public concert for ?
what did he write his last of his written writings about his last written text ?
when did chopin make his final public appearance on a london platform ?
where did chopin make his final public appearance on a london platform in 1848 ?
for which benefit did chopin play for benefit of which group did chopin play for ?
what stage was chopin's illness during his illness ?
where did chopin make his final public appearance on a concert platform in 1848 ?
what song did chopin sing for his friends ?
where did chopin live in paris ?
who secretly paid for the rent ?
when did chopin return to paris ?
what song did chopin sing for his friends ?
where did chopin live in paris ?
who secretly paid for the rent ?
when was jenny lind visited by jenny lind ?
when did chopin take his sister ludwika came to paris with his sister ludwika ?
where did jane stirling live in june 1849 where did jane stirling live ?
who was ludwika's sister was ludwika's name was lud ?
who did ludwika travel with ludwika's sister ludwika travel ?
who supported chopin's help helped chopin to move to paris ?
how didrdot say the grand parisian ladies thought it de rigueur didrdot say it ?
why did chopin request that his body be opened after death ?
what did chopin say he was suffering greatly ?
who made chopin's final notes on his piano tuition method ?
why did chopin request that his body be opened after death ?
what was composed of chopin's hand ?
what disease was chopin's death certificate attributed to chopin's death certificate ?
who was the leading french authority on the disease ?
permission for what method to treat tuberculosis has been denied by the polish government permission to treat tuberculosis ?
what disease was chopin's death certificate attributed to chopin's death certificate ?
who was the leading french authority on the disease ?
what else could possibly be proposed for the death certificate ?
who denied permission for dna testing in poland ?
where was the funeral held ?
how long did the funeral take place two weeks after the funeral of the madeleine in paris? how long ?
how many people were unable to attend the funeral? how many people were unable to attend the funeral ?
where was the funeral held ?
how long did the funeral take place two weeks after the funeral of the madeleine in paris? how long ?
how many people were unable to attend the funeral? how many people were unable to attend the funeral ?
what was sung at the funeral of louis lefebure - wely sung at the funeral of ?
who was the organist at the funeral of mozart's requiem, who was the organist at the funeral ?
who led the funeral procession to pere lachaise cemetery ?
what was played at the graveside at the graveside at the graveside at the graveside ?
what was sung at the funeral of louis lefebure - wely sung at the funeral of ?
who was the organist at the funeral of mozart's requiem, who was the organist at the funeral ?
where was the funeral procession to which cemetery held chopin's funeral procession to ?
who led the funeral procession to pere lachaise cemetery ?
what was played at the graveside at the graveside at the graveside at the graveside at ?
who sculpted chopin's tombstone ?
who weeps over a broken lyre ?
how much money did the expenses of the funeral and monument sum to ?
who covered the expenses of the funeral and monument covered the funeral and monument ?
what was the urn he took to remember the heart of chopin's heart in ashtabl ?
who sculpted chopin's tombstone ?
how much money did the expenses of the funeral and monument sum to ?
who covered the expenses of the funeral and monument covered the funeral and monument ?
jane stirling paid for the return of the composer's ashes ?
what color were the letters from chopin's heart from chopin ?
how many works of chopin survive ?
what discipline does chopin's compositions consist of ?
how many works of chopin survive ?
what type of music can either piano concertos, songs, and what other type of music be either ?
who was chopin educated in ?
who was chopin educated in ?
who were the two most important composers in the neumanian era ?
along with beethoven, mozart, beethoven, mozart, beethoven, mozart, beethoven, mozart, beethoven, ?
who invented the new salon genre of the nocturne? who invented the new salon genre of the ?
what was the name of chopin's individual concert pieces ?
what new style did chopin take the new salon genre of which chopin piece from which composer ?
what was the name of chopin's individual concert pieces ?
what concept did chopin exploit the poetic concept of ?
who developed the concept of the concert etude ?
how many polonaises were published in his lifetime ?
how many of the seven polonaises published posthumously ?
what chopin piece was written for the traditional polish dance style originated from chopin's traditional polish dance style ?
what are the waltzes more frequently at rather than the ballrooms, what are the waltzes more ?
what does chopin endowed popular dance forms have what quality of expression ?
where were chopin's mazurkas written ?
what did chopin put on the european musical map ?
how many of the seven polonaises published posthumously ?
what type of dance were written specifically for the salon recital rather than the ballroom ?
what is an important piece with distinction of chopin's well - known pieces have acquired descriptive titles ?
what was the exception to chopin's written instrumental work beyond genre and number ?
which movement was written before the rest of the sonata movement was written before the funeral march ?
how many cases where chopin's written case of chopin's execution was written before the rest of ?
what is one of chopin's pieces that were written before the revolution are particularly known for being a ?
which piece by chopin's written op 64, no. 1 ) is known as no. 64 ?
how many opus number did chopin use to use chopin's final opus number ?
who selected the piano pieces from the cello sonata ?
how many unpublished piano pieces did julian p. p. he wrote the unpublished piano pieces from which unpublished ?
how many polish songs were collected and published in 1857 ?
how many opus number did chopin use to use chopin's final opus number ?
who selected the piano pieces from the cello sonata ?
in what year were 17 polish songs collected and published as op. 74 ?
who is the polish musicologist who is named for the polish musicologist who is named for the polish ?
since what year have works published since what year have works published in turn - of - musical notation been ?
what kind of designations have works published since 1857 received instead of opus numbers ?
what is the present standard musicological reference for chopin's work is known as the present standard music ?
what is the formal name for the polish musicologist kobylanska catalogue ?
who was the polish musicologist who was named for the polish musicologist who was named for the polish ?
who created the first collection of polish collections of chopin's first collection of chopin's first collection ?
who edited the version under the name of chopin's version of chopin's version of chopin ' ?
who were maurice schlesinger and camille pleyel ?
where did chopin's works quickly appear in ?
who published chopin's version of chopin's version of chopin's version of chopin's ?
who edited the version under the name of chopin's version of chopin's version of chopin ' ?
what is the centre of chopin's creative processes ?
what phrase did rosen suggest that chopin's flexible handling of chopin's piano and orchestra is a ?
what is the centre of chopin's creative processes ?
who wrote that improvisation is designed for an audience ?
what does rosen suggest that an important aspect of chopin's individuality is important in chopin's ?
which piece of chopin's music is an example of chopin's rich harmonic palette ?
what stand as the highest point in chopin's poetry ?
what is the extended form of the poetry included in temperley opines based on ?
what do the mazurkas show more of than many other works? what do the mazu ?
what form of music are chopin's mazurkas and dance patterns are found in chopin ' ?
what type of dance are chopin's waltzes in french ?
what type of bass is used in a mazurka like the mazurkas used more of ?
what does op. 63 no. 3 contain in op. 63 no. 3 of op. 63 ?
what time are chopin's works in traditional polonaises written in ?
who was the teacher zywny ?
what type of rhythm does chopin typically use a type of rhythm? what type of rhythm does chopin typically ?
what type of playing technique do most of the precursors to the polonaises require to play a ?
how many nocturnes are more structured, the nocturnes of the nocturne ?
many of the chopin nocturnes have middle sections marked by what type of expression are often marked ?
who is the performer of the 21 nocturnes are more focused on by chopin in 1833 ?
when did chopin and field meet chopin ?
what type ofurnes are more structured, the 21 of what type ofurnes are more structured ?
what type of keyboard did chopin use to teach chopin's solo piano playing in poetry ?
what form are chopin's etudes largely in ?
what type of keyboard did chopin use to teach chopin's solo piano playing in poetry ?
which of j. s. bach's prelude inspired the preludes of bach's prelude inspired ?
who suggests that the preludes were recording by ferruccio busoni ?
many of which preludes were described as " the beginnings of studies "? what were the beginnings of ?
which composer inspired chopin's preludes ?
what have the preludes been used for by later pianists? what have the preludes been used ?
who noted a recording by kenneth hamilton has been noted in 1922 ?
how many movements are the two mature piano sonatas in the two mature piano sonatas ?
who wrote the quote " worthy of brahms "? who wrote the quote " worthy of brahms? " ?
how many movements are the two mature piano sonatas in the two mature piano sonatas ?
what movement was defined as a brief perpetuum mobile in which the hands play in unmo ?
which of the two mature piano sonatas was written in 1844 ?
who was a later composer sometimes anticipates that chord progressions sometimes anticipate the shifting ?
what did chopin use to create a new style of music from chopin's keyboard improvisation technique ?
who describes the combination of modern harmonic effects frequently result from the combination of modern harmonic effects ?
what technique did chopin use to perform his style extensively ?
who wrote a recital given by chopin in 1841 ?
which piece by chopin was written in which method ?
who was the successor to moszkowski ?
edvard grieg and chopin's use of what two key traits influenced edvard grieg ?
who drilled chopin in chopin's works ?
who was the successor to moszkowski ?
who was devoted to the music of chopin ?
who drilled chopin in chopin's works ?
who wrote that modern concert performance style was set in the conservatory tradition? who wrote that modern concert performance ?
what did chopin avoid in performance? what did chopin avoid in performance? what did chopin avoid in performance ?
what is one of the incorrect accounts of chopin's performance with rigid procedures did chopin avoid using to ?
what did he say that concerts are real music? what did he say that concerts are never real music ?
who wrote that chopin created a kind of chromatic embroidery? who wrote that chopin created a kind of ?
who wrote that what type of composer wrote that what type of composer was elegant embellishment in chopin ?
with which instrument is chopin frequently played with chopin's music is frequently played with chopin ?
what is rubato? what is rubato ?
with which instrument is chopin frequently played with chopin's music is frequently played with chopin ?
where are most of the written out indications of rubato in chopin's written out of his works ?
who wrote about his playing ?
who wrote about his playing ?
what strictness did friederike muller demand the strictest adherence to which did friederike muller ?
what did chopin introduce to music in chopin's time? what did chopin introduce to his music ?
in what year did schumann write his review of the piano concertos? in what year did schumann write ?
what country did chopin write about his feelings about ?
what was the main event of the poles in deep mourning ?
who wrote the biography entitled chopin's chopin? who wrote the biography about chopin ?
what is a new sense of nationalism? what type of music did chopin introduce to chopin ?
who wrote a review of the piano concertos was a notable chopin artist? who wrote a review of ?
where were chopin's works buried ?
who wrote the biography entitled chopin's chopin? who wrote the biography about chopin ?
who suggests that chopin's experience of polish music came from urbanised to a more contemporary warsaw style ?
who were the famous composers of poland ?
who impugns schumann's attitude towards chopin is known as being impugns schumann's ?
what type of music did chopin write ?
some thought the hayeks continued to struggle for freedom ?
where did chopin's ideas about traditional musical forms spread across which continents ?
what did arthur hutchings suggest that chopin had lacked ?
which contemporaries of chopin were known for his romantic contemporaries ?
where did chopin come to england in 1831 ?
who suggested that chopin had a great impact on chopin ?
what piece by chopin was named a piece for him in his suite ?
what did chopin dedicated to in his suite carnaval to chopin ?
how many of chopin's piano did liszt transcribed for piano? how many of chopin's piano ?
with whom did chopin have a less fraught friendship ?
what qualities were recognized by many of chopin's recognition by many of chopin's recognition by many ?
what piece by chopin was named a piece for him in his suite ?
what did chopin dedicated to in his suite carnaval to chopin ?
which composer was influenced by chopin's music can be traced to the later years of chopin's ?
who dedicated his piano etudes to the memory of chopin ?
who collaborated in editing chopin's piano music ?
who was one of chopin's students ?
who was the long standing pupils of who were the long standing pupils of chopin ?
who ceased relations with tibet ?
what trade did tibet have importance in matters of business with tibet ?
when did the yongle emperor reign ?
who was the karmapa of the karma kagyu school was the karmapa of the karma ka ?
who was the karmapa ?
which neighboring country did tibetan leaders conduct their foreign diplomacy with ?
what did the tibetans use against the ming forays against the ming ?
who were successful armed protectors of the gelug dalai lama ?
what regime was founded by the 5th dalai lama ?
when did the mongol - tibetan alliance start ?
when did the tibetan empire collapse ?
who signed peace with the tang ?
what did the treaty that fixed what did the treaty that fixed what ?
who was once a strong power contemporaneous with tang china ?
when did tibet and china agree on a peace treaty with tibet ?
when was the five dynasties and ten kingdoms period of china ?
when was the song dynasty ?
which dynasty did the documents about sino - tibetan contacts survive from ?
who ruled liao dynasty? who ruled liao dynasty ?
who ruled jin dynasty ?
who conquered and subjugated the ethnic tangut state of western xia ?
who launched an invasion into tibet ?
when did ogedei khan reign ?
who launched an invasion into tibet ?
who raided tibet ?
who was the leader of the sakya school of tibetan buddhism ?
who was tibet incorporated into the mongol empire ?
when was toregene khatun ?
how many states ruled by kublai? how many states ruled by myriarchies ?
what was the name of the mongol prince kublai ?
who granted kublai a large appanage in north china? who granted kublai a ?
who was the head lama of the karmapa lama ?
who did kublai adopt a unique relationship with ?
when did kublai khan conquer the song dynasty in south china ?
when did the yuan dynasty take over tibet ?
what dynasty ruled tibet before it was combined with tibet to form a descendant empire with the whole of china ?
what did kublai khan claim to be the emperor of china? what did kublai claim ?
what country did kublai khan conquer the song dynasty in south china ?
when was the sakya viceregal regime installed by the mongols in tibet overthrown ?
who installed the sakya regime in 1358 ?
who overthrew the sakya regime overthrown the sakya regime ?
who succeeded changchub gyaltsen ?
who established the ming dynasty ?
what was the name of the han revolt in 1368 ?
who established the ming dynasty ?
when did zhu yuanzhang reign as the hongwu emperor ?
who renewed their titles in the winter of 1372 - 1373 ?
who rejected the hongwu emperor's offer to take over tibet ?
who rejected the hongwu emperor's offer to take over tibet ?
what was the hongwu emperor well aware of ?
rolpe dorje sent envoys from tibet to the court in nanjing ?
who enacted a law that allowed han chinese to learn the tenets of tibetan buddhism ?
when did yongle emperor live ?
who was the first ming ruler to seek an extension of relations with tibet ?
when was the qing dynasty ?
when was the history of ming compiled ?
what office did the ming dynasty establish in western tibet ?
how many occupied areas were the tang shi ?
where was the e - li - si army - civilian marshal office located ?
how many princes of dharma was appointed by the ming court ?
who was the ruler of the tibetan law code ?
who was the ruler of the tibetan law code ?
who argued that the reliability of the heavily censored history of ming as a credible source on sino ?
the history of ming as a credible source on sino - what country was the history of ming as a ?
who wrote that tibet had connections with china during the yuan ?
who supports van praag's position on van praag's position on van pr ?
who state that assertions that assertions that the relationship between tibet and shakabpa states that ?
who argued that the ming emperor sent edicts to tibet twice in the second year of the ming dynasty ?
when did prince punala travel to nanjing to pay tribute to tibet ?
what were the ming court's lamas called themselves ?
what did the ming dynasty issue to allow ex - yuan religious and administrative leaders in the ming dynasty ?
who wrote the story of tibet? who wrote the story of tibet ?
who did laird compare the mongols with ?
what does laird believe that tibet present in his book the story of tibet ?
what does the yuan dynasty refer to itself as ?
what does the encyclopedia americana describe the yuan dynasty as ?
how did thomas laird dismissed the yuan dynasty ?
who wrote kublai khan ?
when did the yuan dynasty rule ?
when did ayurbarwada buyantu khan reign ?
what type of market existed between china and tibet during the yuan ?
who did the ethno - geographic caste hierarchy favoring ?
who implemented a policy of managing tibet according to conventions and customs ?
what office did choskunskyabs hold ?
who controls most areas of tibet ?
where is the china tibetology research center located ?
who was the professor of history and director of the history studies institute? who was the professor of history ?
how many households were qianhu in charge of ?
how many households were the offices of wanhu in charge of ?
who noted the chinese as having titles granted by the chinese to tibetans? who noted the chinese as ?
who did the ming emperors send invitations to ?
who did the lamas send to tibet instead of coming themselves with them instead of coming themselves with them ?
what are the western regions of the western region composed of ?
who administered the various dependent states of the various dependent states of the various dependent states of the han dynasty ?
what title did wang and nyima state that the official title of what was granted to tai situ chang ?
what was the tibetan title of education minister ?
who maintained a central - local government relation ?
who stated that the official title of education minister was granted to tai situ changchub gyalts ?
who was written in his will ?
who aims to recreate the old tibetan kingdom ?
who believes that changchub gyaltsen believed that changchub gyaltsen wanted ?
where did lok - ham chan teach ?
what did changchub gyaltsen want to remove ?
who was the capital of the state master ?
who was the hongwu emperor? who was the hongwu emperor ?
who did the hongwu emperor offer the second phagmodru leader of the ming troops ?
who was the hongwu emperor? who was the hongwu emperor ?
where did the hongwu emperor send envoys to hand over the seal of authority ?
who lost centralizing power over tibet in 1434 ?
when did the phagmodrupa lose control of tibet ?
when did the hegemonies fail over the last two centuries ?
what failed over the last two centuries before 1642 with the 5th dalai lama's failed attempts by other ?
who did the ming dynasty give titles to lamas of schools ?
what religion did the original qing dynasty reject ?
who founded the gelug school ?
who invited je tsongkhapa to come to the court? who invited je tsongkhapa ?
who founded the gelug school ?
when was the first request made by the ming ?
when did the ming court send a foreign embassy to china ?
who did rossabi send to nanjing in 1414 ?
when did chosrje shakya yeshes travel to nanjing ?
who believes that modern chinese communist historians tend to be in favor of the view that the ming reapp ?
who did the ming appoint titles to ?
what did the ming send to tibet ?
what eastern country did the ming appoint titles to eastern tibet ?
who did yongle emperor send his eunuch into tibet? who did yongle emperor send his eun ?
where did yang sanbao transfer yang sanbao's eunuch yang sanbao transfer ?
when did yongle emperor send his eunuch yang sanbao invade tibet ?
what gain did the yongle emperor gain from tibet ?
why did the yongle emperor send his eunuch yang sanbao to return gifts for tributes ?
who sent the gelug sent their missionaries to china ?
until when did the gelug first receive the transfer of the gelug to the ming court ?
where was the gelug mentioned in ?
who did the ming court grant titles to ?
who overrided the qing dynasty's control over tibet was overthrown before the ming ?
who wrote that the ming had no real authority over tibet ?
when did rinpungpa live in rinpungpa ?
who wrote that the ming had no real authority over tibet ?
when did tsangpa live in tsangpa ?
when did the jianwen emperor reign ?
who aided the yongle emperor ?
who was the father of the yongle emperor ?
when did the 5th karmapa lama invited deshin shekpa to his court ?
who were the yongle emperor's eunuch ?
why did yongle emperor send his eunuch hou xian to tibet? why did yongle ?
when did the silk road from khotan, hou xian, hou xian, ?
how did hou travel to tibet? how did hou travel to tibet? how did hou ?
when did deshin shekpa begin his travels ?
where did deshin shekpa go to visit to reconcile with the ming court ?
who did the yongle emperor greet ?
who said that kublai would sit on a lower platform than tibetan clerics ?
who did norbu write about ?
where did the yongle emperor's family go to religious celebration for yongle emperor's death ?
where was linggu temple ?
what title did deshin shekpa give yongle emperor ?
who did the yongle emperor give the title of king to ?
who did the emperor persuaded not to impose his military on tibet ?
what was the reason the tibetan emperor's intention was to ban deshin skekpa ?
what did the yongle emperor plan to send to tibet before the karmapa ?
why did the yongle emperor send a military force into tibet ?
who convinced the tibetans not to impose their military force on tibet ?
who did shekpa say the yongle emperor's conflict with shekpa was the previous ?
who testified to the power of the emperor and his guru ?
what testified to the power of the emperor and his guru ?
who has failed to realize the significance of the religious aspect of the ming - tibetan relationship with the ming ?
what did the dalai lama claim the items of tribute were what symbolized the relationship between tibet and tibet ?
who wrote that the ming dynasty did not exercise direct political control over tibet? who wrote that the ming ?
when was the zhengtong emperor reigning ?
who addressed the karmapa in 1445 ?
who addressed the status of the zhengtong emperor ?
who delivered the message delivered to the message delivered to the ming court message sent to the ming court ?
when was the information office of the karmapa addressed to the karmapa ?
who did the ming court cut off relations with ?
when did chan write that the incident with the karmapa hierarchs cut off relations with the ?
when did deshin shekpa die ?
who did the ming court cut off relations with ?
why did the yongle emperor order the construction of a road and trading posts in the yangzi and ?
what did the yongle emperor order the construction of a road and trading posts in tibet facilitate trade with ?
where did the trade route pass through tibet ?
what was the purpose of diplomatic delegations with tibet included in the ming court's diplomatic delegations ?
what catered specifically to the tibetan market with silk clothing and furnishings features during the ming court catered ?
what religion was featured in the ming court's iconography ?
which court established diplomatic delegations with tibet to secure horses? who established diplomatic delegations with tibet ?
how were horses collected from tibet? how were horses collected from tibet ?
who did the ming dynasty trade horses with ?
who was the leader of the tumed mongols overthrew the hegemony over the steppes ?
who overthrew the steppes? who overthrew the steppes ?
who traded horses with tibet ?
who was the leader of the tumed mongols overthrew the hegemony over the steppes ?
when did the hongwu emperor use military force to quell unrest in tibet? when did the hong ?
when was mu ying commissioned to quell's marquis mu ying commissioned to quell ?
how many tibetan prisoners did mu ying allegedly capture by mu ying in 1379? how many tibetan prisoners ?
how many domesticated animals did mu ying allegedly capture in 1379? how many domesticated animals did ?
who repel a tibetan assault into sichuan in 1390 ?
what did discussions of strategy in the mid ming dynasty focus primarily on ?
who used the ordos region to help stage raids into ming china? who used the ordos region ?
where did the mongols use their ordos to stage raids into ?
why was the ming court's patronage of high tibetan lamas designed ?
historians luciano petech and others argue that the ming upheld a policy towards a weak and politically fragmented tibet ?
when did the divide - and - rule policy towards a weak and politically fragmented tibet ?
who did rossabi hope to build a strong relationship with tibet ?
who did the yongle emperor give patronage to ?
who were the rinpungpa leaders relatives of ?
when did the prince of rinbung occupy lhasa ?
what did the prince of rinbung excluded the gelug from attending ?
when did the secular phagmodru ruler capture lhasa ?
when did the zhengde emperor reign ?
who did the zhengde emperor enjoy at court? who did the zhengde emperor enjoyed at court ?
who was the king of the ming empire? who was the king of the ming empire ?
who did elliot sperling say tibet was not annexed by china until the 18th century? who did ?
what did sperling say tibet had no control over tibet ?
when did elliot sperling say tibet became part of china? when did elliot sperling say ?
when did the manchu qing dynasty invade tibet ?
what dynasty did josef kolmas write about ?
who did josef kolmas say tibet was subject to ?
who upheld a mutual role of religious prelate and secular patron ?
who assumed the former imperial tributaries and subject states as integral parts of the chinese nation - state ?
where did klieger belong to ?
who installed the semi kings of the sakya regime? who installed the semi kings of the sa ?
what relationship did the under the reign of the sakya regime establish between tibetan and mongol converts to ?
when was tibet incorporated into the territory of yuan dynasty's china ?
who inherited the right to rule tibet from the yuan dynasty ?
when did china daily become a ccp - controlled news organization ?
who inherited the right to rule tibet from the yuan dynasty ?
who has tibet remained under the jurisdiction of tibet since 2008 ?
when did the jiajing emperor reign ?
what was fully sponsored at the ming court ?
who discontinued their trips to china ?
who was the grand secretary under jiajing ?
who was the grand secretary under jiajing ?
who ascension followed zhengde's death ?
what political establishment changed the politics of the court ?
what did the neo - confucian establishment not reject ?
what was the predisposed animosity towards ?
who ascension followed zhengde's death ?
where did the tumed mongols go after the tumed mongols were moving to the ming chinese frontier ?
where did the tumed mongols go after migrating to tibet ?
who did the tumed mongols raid ?
when did altan khan make peace with the ming dynasty? when did altan khan make peace with ?
who did altan khan invited to meet him in amdo ?
what did the tibetans abolished? what did the tibetans do with what practices did the tibetans ?
who coerced by altan to convert to gelug buddhism? who coerced the conversion ?
what face did the mongol princes and subjects face if they persisted in their shamanistic ways? what would ?
who did mongol princes requesting to bestow titles on the mongoliam's head ?
why did the mongol princes requesting the dalai lama to bestow titles on the dalai lama ?
who did rawski say altan khan was a nominal superior of altan khan's nominal superior ?
who was the 4th dalai lama ?
who became the first to wield effective political control over tibet in 1642 ?
when did the 5th dalai lama become the first to wield effective political control over tibet ?
who was the first official contact between a dalai lama and altan khan departed for tibet ?
who granted the grandiose title of sonam gyatso ?
who sent sonam gyatso's letter and gifts of the ming chinese official? who sent ?
who sent sonam gyatso's letter and gifts of the ming chinese official? who sent ?
where did sonam gyatso's son die ?
who did china daily states that the " ming dynasty showed him special favor by allowing him to pay tribute ?
what did china allow him to do with the dalai lama's allowed him to do what ?
what title was given to sonam gyatso in china daily ?
who was given a honorific title by the qing emperor inigraphy ?
who was the dalai lama's name in 1713 ?
what title was given to the fourth dalai lama? what title was given to the fourth dalai lama ?
who was the fourth dalai lama ?
when was the seal of the dalai lama officially granted the title " master of vajradhara " ?
who was the fourth dalai lama ?
what happened to yonten gyatso's successor, who was the successor to yonte ?
who pounced on the chance to reclaim their old vassal of tibet ?
who did the mongols pounced on the chance to reclaim ?
when did tibet conquer tibet ?
who does laird cite as the reason for the lack of concern for tibet ?
when were ?
who was ?
when did ?
with who ?
who refused ?
who did the fifth dalai lama lozang gyatso ask to help the u - tsang ?
what role did gushi khan accept his position in tibet ?
who threatened destruction of who again ?
where did gushi khan defeat the gelugpas'enemies ?
when did the u - tsang surrender to the u - tsang forces surrender to the u - ?
who presented a welcoming ceremony for tibet? who presented a welcoming ceremony for tibet ?
what did gushi khan present as a gift to the dalai lama ?
who did gushi khan present his conquest of tibet to ?
who was the governing authority of tibet ?
who addressed the welcoming ceremonies for lozang gyatso ?
what caused the chinese ming dynasty to fall to the chinese ming dynasty ?
who was very observant of what was going on in china ?
who was the fifth dalai lama? who was the fifth dalai lama ?
who attempted to spread their territory from what area attempted to spread their territory from what area to tibet ?
who responded to the request of the dzugar mongols responded to tibetan pleas for aid with their ?
when did the tibetan get to tibet ?
when was permanent qing dynasty garrison established in tibet ?
when did the qianlong emperor reign ?
which company designed and marketed the ipod ?
when was the first line of the ipod released ?
how many current versions of the ipod have the most current versions of the ipod? how many current versions ?
what type of equipment was included in the ipod ?
what type of ipod touch is a type of ipod touch ?
what year was the first line of the first line of the ipod? what year was the first line ?
which company designed and marketed the ipod ?
how many days after the first line of the first line of the ipod was released on october 2, ?
what is one current version of the ultra - compact ipod ?
when were the most recent ipod redesigns ?
what is a feature of an external device that can be used to offer external devices that can be used ?
how much storage capacity does the storage capacity range for the ipod shuffle consist of ?
how much do the external data storage capacity of the ipod slim have storage capacity for the ipod touch ?
what is the name of the 2 gb storage capacity of the 2 gb storage capacity of the 2 gb ?
what is the 128 gb storage capacity of the 128 gb storage capacity of the 128 gb storage capacity of ?
how much storage capacity does the storage capacity range for the ipod shuffle consist of ?
how much do the external data storage capacity of the ipod slim have storage capacity for the ipod touch ?
what software can be used to transfer music, videos, games, and other alternative software can be used ?
what computers can apple's macs use computers to transfer music to devices supporting apple's mac ?
what software can be used to transfer music, videos, games, and other alternative software can be used ?
before the internet, which iphone device was included with the ipod branded device was included with the ipod ?
what was the name of the ipad added to the ipod? what was the name of the ipad added ?
before which iphone competitor was added to the ipod touch feature before the release of what was the first iphone ?
during what year did iphone sales overtook the ipod ?
what apps were standardized on the 1st apple ipads? what apps were standardized on the 1st apple ipad ?
how much processor did the sixth generation ipod touch have ?
which generation of ipod touch was the sixth generation ipod touch ?
which generation of ipod touch was the sixth generation ipod touch ?
when was the new model of the ipod touch released ?
how much processor did the sixth generation ipod touch have ?
how many times was the new model of the ipod touch released in the us ?
when was the ipod released ?
when did apple sell slow sales after the ipod was introduced to the japanese market ?
who designed the ipod line ?
which radio design did dieter rams design the ipod model from ?
how much hard drive did apple's applex model contain ?
when was the ipod released ?
how much hard drive did apple's applex model contain ?
what was the name of the new design feature of the rem 6000 telephone ?
who designed the ipod line ?
what disk drive did rubinstein discover when meeting with an apple supplier in japan? what disk drive did ?
which company did apple contracted to design and implement the user interface that apple contracted to design and implement the ?
which font replaced espy sans ?
when did apple change the ipod interface ?
what font did apple change the font to in 2007? what font did apple change the font to ?
who supervised the 360 users'direct supervision of which user interface did apple begin to employ to design and ?
who created the reference platform apple adopted instead of running on a commercial microkernel embedded operating platform ?
what font did apple change the font to in 2007? what font did apple change the font to ?
when did apple present a special edition for ipod 5g of ireland's special edition ?
what band introduced the special edition of queen's 2006 apple special edition ?
what color were the metal and silver on the new addition to the queen's red queen signature on ?
what did the special edition purchasers to exclusive purchasers to ?
what band introduced the special edition of queen's 2006 apple special edition ?
what color were the metal and silver on the new addition to the queen's red queen signature on ?
when did apple present a special edition for ipod 5g of ireland's special edition ?
who did apple et al. apple et al. try to get patent for a patent for a similar ?
who applied for a patent for the plastic music box ?
which country patent did kane kramer apply for a patent for ?
when did the plastic music box get patent ?
what was the name of the patent that was awarded to the uk patent for the plastic music box ?
who did apple et al. apple et al. try to get patent for a patent for a similar ?
what was the name of the patent that was awarded to the uk patent for the plastic music box ?
who applied for a patent for the plastic music box ?
who proposed the name ipod ?
what was the occupation of the person who proposed the name ipod ?
which movie did chieco think was the prototype of the new video game ?
who first listed an " ipod " trademark? who first listed an " ipod " trademark ?
when did grasso give the trademark to apple computer, which year did grasso give the trademark to ?
which movie did chieco think was the prototype of the new video game ?
who proposed the name ipod ?
who first listed an " ipod " trademark? who first listed an " ipod " trademark ?
when were new color schemes found on the new color schemes found on the new features found on the new ?
who found the photos found with the photos found with the photos found with the photos found with the photos ?
what was the latest version of itunes ?
what was the latest version of itunes ?
who found the photos found with the photos found with the photos found with the photos found with the photos ?
what type of response did the third - generation ps3 have in common with the third - generation ps ?
what type of headphones are often reduced when using high - end shock - like capacitors are ?
what device is most likely to be used when using high - impedance headphones to lessen current ?
what type of response did the third - generation ps3 have weak response to the third - generation ps ?
what type of capacitors form a high - pass filter ?
along with r & b, rock, acoustic, rock, acoustic, and rock, acoustic, and ?
what would eq settings be found in eq settings ?
what is another term for distortion on bass instruments ?
when were the first ipods released ?
what would eq settings be found in eq settings ?
what was the main concerns with the new ipod's volume limit ?
which market was the lowest volume of output in the sixth generation of ipods ?
what is the maximum volume output of a ps3 in the eu ?
where had apple previously had to remove ipods from shelves before apple began to remove ipods from shelves ?
what is the maximum volume output of a ps3 in the eu ?
where had apple previously had to remove ipods from shelves before apple began to remove ipods from shelves ?
what connection to the host computer was originally used to update songs or recharge the battery ?
what was included with the battery ?
what connection to the host computer was originally used to update songs or recharge the battery ?
which generation began including a 30 - pin dock connector ?
what was added to the third generation of the third generation ?
which generation of ipod's first - generation ipod was the first to use firewire for data transfer ?
what generation of ipod nano was the second - generation ipod touch ?
what type of phone connector acts as both a headphone jack and data port for the second generation of ?
which generation began including a 30 - pin dock connector ?
what is the name of the second - generation ipod touch device that uses a single 3. 5m ?
what was included in the 30 - pin dock connector ?
what type of connectivity was allowed for firewire ?
what is one of apple's now - discontinued accessories did apple sell ?
who manufactured most of the accessories that were manufactured by the queen? who manufactured most of the accessories that ?
what allows the ipod to connect to accessories that allow the ipod to connect to accessories ?
how does the implementation of the dock connector enable apple to use the dock connector ?
what type of parties typically manufacture most of the accessories that were manufactured by belkin and griffin ?
what is one of apple's now - discontinued accessories did apple sell ?
what was the new 8 - pin dock connector called ?
which iphone device features the new 8 - pin dock connector ?
how many pins were removed from apple's new connector ?
how many pins were included in the new dock connector ?
where do apple's pins on the plugs on the plugs on the plugs of apple ?
what was the new 8 - pin dock connector called ?
how many unique ipod touch did apple's ipod touch offer ?
which model of ipod was made by apple ?
other than the ipod camera connector, what unique feature do other accessories offer ?
what were the first accessory manufacturers ?
what connection do some accessories offer connections for ?
what is an example of unique features of other accessories ?
which large internet company made the ipod hi - fi accessories ?
which car allowed drivers of newer cars to control which car's first ipod interface allowed drivers of newer ?
when did apple announce that similar homes that were offered by apple ?
which car offers standard ipod connectivity on all cars ?
which car allowed drivers of newer cars to control which car's first ipod interface allowed drivers of newer ?
which car offers standard ipod connectivity on all cars ?
which independent stereo manufacturers have ipod - specific integration solutions ?
what type of transmitter is a option for use with the itrip format ?
what is a removable feature of an alternative connection method ?
what is a device that uses the itrip format ?
what is a removable feature of an alternative connection method ?
what are the four major airlines ?
where can one watch music in the free service ?
which airlines were originally reported to be part of apple's deal with apple was part of apple ' ?
what are the four major airlines ?
in what year did the four major airlines, united, continental, delta, and united airlines begin to ?
what file format could be adapted to play multiple audio file formats? what is one of the audio file ?
which device introduced the ability to display jpeg, bmp, gif, tiff, and ?
what audio format did apple support ?
what does drm stand for ?
before the computer's first device was able to run ipod software initially partnered with which os ?
what audio file formats can be played on the ipod line? what audio file formats can be played on ?
which device introduced the ability to display jpeg, bmp, gif, tiff, and ?
how many host computer is an ipod associated with ?
what do song ratings on an ipod then go to which app can you use to set music on an ?
what is an ipod associated with during installation of an ipod ?
how many buttons do the ipods have ?
what do the buttons on the ipod have the buttons that the later generations have the buttons to the later ?
what do the ipod have control on which unique feature does the ipod have control on ?
what do ipod touch use instead of a home button, sleep / wake button, sleep / wake button ?
the user interface for the ipod touch is similar to the user interface for the ipod touch ?
how many buttons do the ipods have ?
what is the 3rd generation ipod ?
the user interface for the ipod touch is similar to the user interface for the ipod touch ?
when was the itunes store introduced ?
what store was the retail store that was opened on october 12, 2003 ?
when did apple announce the sale of videos through apple's online media store ?
when did full length movies become available at the itunes store ?
what year was the itunes store introduced ?
in what year did apple announce the sale of videos through apple's online media store ?
in what year did full length movies become available on september 12 ?
which format with added encryption was used to sell music files at the time the store was introduced, which ?
how many authorized computers could play the mp3 file format? how many computers could play the mp3 file format ?
what category did apple sell drm - free, drm - free, drm - free, ?
when did apple announce drm was removed from all music catalogs ?
when was drm removed from all music catalogs removed from all music catalogs ?
which format with added encryption was used to sell music files at the time the store was introduced, which ?
what drm system was the aac format based on ?
what category did apple sell drm - free, drm - free, drm - free, ?
in what year did apple announce drm was removed from all music cataloging in may 2009 ?
what are examples of example stores ?
which platform cannot play music files from competing music stores that use rival - drm technologies ?
what technology do microsoft's music stores use rival - what technology do they use to play music videos ?
which group decided not to renew their contract with apple ?
at what store did universal music group decide not to renew their contract with universal music group in 2007 ?
in what year did universal music group decide not renewing their contract with the itunes app ?
what was the name of the media event apple debuted the itunes wi - fi music store in 2007 ?
when did apple launch the itunes wi - fi music store first opened its app for apple's first ?
when did apple launch the apple music store ?
what kind of iphone can users access to the music store ?
what other device could video game users use video game consoles ?
what game was the original ipod game ?
who invented the game brick originally invented by apple? who invented the game brick ?
what 3 more games were added to the ipod ?
what feature was included in the game brick hidden feature ?
what game was the original ipod game ?
what 3 more games were added to the ipod ?
what year did the itunes store begin to offer additional games for purchase in september of what year did the ?
what was the name of the itunes player's additional game was added to the itunes store in september ?
which generation of ipod's ipod was featured in the ipod classic ?
which generation of ipod nano was featured in the ipod nano ?
what year did the itunes store begin to offer additional games for purchase in september of what year did the ?
what was the number of generation of ipods with which generation of ipods was the itunes 7 compatible ?
which 3 consoles were the 3 consoles that both the 3 parties that both played with third parties? what ?
what market has apple's mp3 player taken steps towards entering what kind of market has apple's ?
which video game magazines have reviewed and rated most of their games as of late ?
what kind of file are the games in which the game is released in the us ?
who were the. ipg files are the mp3 players'mp3 players'mp3 players were originally found ?
what has apple not released a software that has not released for ipods ?
apps with the iphone sdk were officially released with the ipod touch app with the only device with which ?
what kind of file are the games in which the game is released in the us ?
what apps were officially released with apple's software development kit ?
how many publicly released a software development kit for ipod users? how many publicly released a software development kit ?
what is the name of the online media transfer platform used to transfer media to an ipod ?
what type of applications can offer different types of applications can offer different types of applications ?
what is the name of the online media transfer platform used to transfer media to an ipod ?
what is the protected media in the computer that is protected from playing it ?
what kind of transfer can transfer media from an ipod to a computer with the drm protected media from ?
what kind of folders are the files on an ipod ?
where can hidden files be accessed on a hidden folder ?
what type of drive can media files be recovered from a hidden folder ?
in what year did apple face lawsuits claiming patent infringement by the ipod line and its associated technologies ?
what did apple claim in 2005? what did apple claim by apple's lawsuit against apple was claimed ?
which online music stores were featured in the lawsuit against apple ?
who did apple claim patent infringement did apple's fairplay technology breaches did apple claim patent infringement ?
which company claimed apple's ipod line was sued for patent infringement by apple in 2005? what claimed ?
what technology did apple claim infringement on apple's patents were infringement by apple in 2005? what technology ?
what was apple's patent and trademark office patent and trademark office called ?
when did apple submitting a rejected patent on rotational user inputs to the patent and trademark office for a ?
who announced that apple held a patent on part of the music selection interface used by apple in 2005 ?
what did apple's music selection interface call the patent and trademark office of music selection interface to be ?
who investigated whether apple was breaching u. s. trade laws by importing ipods into the ?
what was apple's patent and trademark office patent and trademark office called ?
who announced that apple held a patent on part of the music selection interface used by apple in 2005 ?
when did apple and creative agree to settle the lawsuit ?
how much will apple pay to buy apple's rights to apple's rights to apple's ?
what program did apple join in order to make ipod accessories ?
how much will apple pay to buy apple's rights to apple's rights to apple's ?
what program did apple join in order to make their ipod accessories ?
over how much of the market for hard drive - based players in the united states have over what percentage ?
in what year did the ipod line begin to sell the internet's digital music player sales in the ?
what was the market share of the ipod market share in january 2007 ?
who rated the ipod market share in 2007 ?
over how much of the market for hard drive - based players in the united states have over what percentage ?
over what percentage of players in the united states have over what percentage of players in the united states ?
what was the market share of the market share of the market share in july 2005? what was the ?
when did hp announce they would sell hp branded ipods ?
which hp company announced hp branded ipods ?
what new retail channels were used to sell hp branded ipods ?
how much of all ipod sales were made up of all ipod sales ?
why did hp stop selling ipods in july 2005 ?
what does hewlett - packard stand for ?
how many th ipod did apple sell in th ipod? how many th ipods did apple sell in ?
what percentage of the sale of ipod sales was made up of the second quarter revenue of us $ 5 ?
what type of computer can apple purchase other apple products from ?
how much did apple sell in us dollars in april 2007? how much did apple sell its second quarter ?
in what year was it announced that apple sold its one millionth ipod ?
what percentage of the sale of ipod sales was made up of the second quarter revenue of us $ 5 ?
how much revenue did apple report revenue of in us dollars on october 22, 2007? how much revenue ?
what percentage of revenue did apple's revenue from desktop sales fall from desktop sales to apple ?
how much did apple's revenue increase to in us profits from the us $ 24. 01 billion ?
how much money did apple make in cash and no debt in cash in us dollars in cash and no ?
how much did apple's revenue increase to in us profits from the us $ 24. 01 billion ?
when did apple report the best quarter revenue and earnings in apple's history so far did apple ' ?
what was apple's net revenue for the first quarter of us revenue for apple's record revenue ?
what percentage of revenue did apple's ipod sales fall from in 2008 to 2012 ?
how much of apple's revenue from apple's revenue from apple came from apple's record ?
who stated that the decline of apple's sales has been described as appraised in june 2009 ?
in what year was phil schiller's keynote presentation at apple ?
what percentage of revenue did apple report was from ipods in 2008 ?
how many total cumulative sales of ipods exceeded what amount at the keynote presentation at apple's keynote ?
when was the new model introduced to the commercial market ?
where does the best computer product of 2006 place in the best computer product of 2006 ?
what type of reviews do ipods receive positive reviews of ?
what mobile phones play mp3 players ?
what do cd copy protection schemes play aac files not play aac files do they play more of ?
which magazine describes the impact of ipod line's use of ipod line has altered the landscape for portable ?
what mobile phones play mp3 players ?
which magazine describes the impact of ipod line's use of ipod line has altered the landscape for portable ?
what type of device has the ipod been accepted as ?
what is the purpose of the ipod line ?
what is a delivery mechanism for business communication and training in glasgow, scotland, and what is a delivery ?
where are the royal and western infirmaries of the royal and western infirmaries of royal and ?
which university provided ipods to receive ipods in 2004 ?
who put it on their end of the decade of 2004 ?
which university provided ipods to receive ipods in 2004 ?
who put it on their end of the decade of 2004 ?
what era saw the end of what era in popular music? what era saw the end of the era ?
what industry has the ipod been credited with increasing shifts within what industry has the ipod been credited with increasing ?
what allows users to change their listening to the ipod popularize what feature of the ipod ?
what era saw the end of what era in popular music? what era saw the end of the era ?
how much music playback does the drive drive feature ?
who reported that the battery life was virtually unachievable under real life usage ?
in what year were the claims of the battery lawsuit settled ?
what type of life is different from real - world achievable life ?
how much more time did the average person get on average from an ipod ?
where do users usually open the case with instructions from which group of people that use ipods ?
what should users buy to get the official policy of buying which ipod's products ?
what type of batteries lose the capacity of batteries during their lifetime ?
what type of ipod is not designed to be removed or replaced by the user ?
what type of batteries lose the capacity of batteries during their lifetime ?
what program did apple announce on november 14, 2003 ?
how much was the initial cost of the battery replacement program ?
what is needed to be soldered onto the main board of the ipod nano ?
how many ipods have their battery attached to the backplate of the battery attached to the backplate ?
in what year did apple announce an battery replacement program for apple's battery replacement program ?
how much was the initial cost of the battery replacement program ?
what was the name of the ipod soldered onto the main board of the ipod ?
what flawed device was used by apple to create problems for affected ipod nanos? what flawed device was ?
what program affected nanos ?
what has been the criticism of ipods been criticized for? what has been the perceived abuse of ipod ?
which website conducted a 2005 survey of the ipod was surveyed on a 2005 survey of the ipods were ?
what was the average failure rate of the ipod line ?
when did many users complained that the surface of the first generation ipod nano can be scratched easily ?
what did apple begin shipping ipods with after apple began shipping the ipods with what feature of their ?
what type of memory was found to have a failure rate below 10 % of failure rates for ipods ?
what type of device was unusable when users complained that the surface of the first generation ipod nano ?
what tabloid newspaper reported the worker's complaints on june 11, 2006 ?
what did apple's auditors find some of apple's work with apple's labour practices ?
how much did apple's employees work on six consecutive days for how much of the time did apple ?
what tabloid newspaper reported the worker's complaints on june 11, 2006 ?
how much did employees work for during the time that employees worked for 60 hours a week did employees work ?
which company did apple employ to oversee the measures that apple hired to oversee the measures that apple hired to ?
which group did apple join to oversee the measures that apple joined ?
who initially denied the abuses ?
where is the china government - approved union affiliated with the all - china federation of trade unions located ?
who initially denied the abuses ?
which company did apple employ to oversee the measures that apple hired to oversee the measures that apple hired to ?
in what year did the all - china federation of trade unions form affiliated with the all - china federation ?
in what year did many workers commit suicide at a foxconn operation in china ?
who was killed by another employee killed him ?
in what year did many workers commit suicide at a foxconn operation in china ?
what can create more jobs overseas than domestically ?
what file system format allows it to serve as a boot disk for a mac computer ?
what format is used if it is formatted on windows ?
what genre was the legend of zelda ?
what game consoles did nintendo's legend of zelda first reach popularity on the wii ?
when was the wii version of the wii version released in north america ?
when was the gamecube version released on the wii ?
who developed and published for the game console ?
what year was the game console originally slated to be released on the game consoles ?
what year was the wii version released in north america ?
who is the main character in the novel, the twilight realm ?
who is the protagonist link trying to get rid of ?
who assists link in the novel link is assisted by a mysterious creature assisted link ?
who is the main character in the novel, the twilight realm ?
who assists link in the novel link is assisted by a mysterious creature assisted link ?
where does the game take place before the game takes place ?
what award did the wii receive several of the best - selling games of the year ?
what was the name of the wii version of the wii version of the wii version of the wii ?
when will the legend of zelda : twilight princess hd be released ?
what was the most critically acclaimed game of the zelda series ?
how many game of the year did the wii receive the most critically acclaimed game of the year game of ?
what year was the most critically acclaimed game of what year the wii version of twilight princess the most critically ?
what year will the legend of zelda be released in the us ?
what is the main focus of the legend of zelda : twilight princess focused on ?
where did the legend of zelda : twilight princess use the basic control scheme ?
what is the name of the system that allows users to engage in the legend of zelda : twilight ?
what does link use to play a cross - border link ?
what is a special attack game with an external feature of the legend of zelda : twilight princess ?
what kind of game is the legend of zelda ?
where did the legend of zelda : twilight princess use the basic control scheme ?
what does link use in combat ?
what is the name of the system that allows users to engage in the legend of zelda : twilight ?
how many buttons do the context - sensitive button mechanic use to serve a variety of functions by the context ?
what type of display of action does the button mechanic see the action of the button ?
where is the rock that is standing if link is still standing if link is moving to the rock ?
what type of button pump allows buttons to do what ?
what type of display of action does the button mechanic see the action of the button ?
what wii game has the motion sensors and built - in speaker of what wii remote did the gamecu ?
what is the name of the japanese trademark game that allows the japanese to pick secrets ?
what wii game has the motion sensors and built - in speaker of what wii remote did the gamecu ?
what do some other attacks are triggered using similar gestures with what other device did nintendo use to triggered attacks ?
how many of link's secondary weapons can be equipped at a time in the wii version of link ?
what kind of sensors are used in the wii version of the gamecube ?
what wii game has the motion sensors and built - in speaker of what wii remote did the gamecu ?
how many large areas are featured in the game of the mortal game features how many large areas of the ?
what is the name of the game where link battles ?
what is the name of the large feature of the game where the game isbridge ?
what is a horse that journeys on a horse, on what horse can you take a horse to ride ?
what type of battles are featured in the game of gods, riders, and battles where enemies, riders ?
what is the initial destination of the game link navigates the effects of the castle in link navigates ?
what is the name of the large feature of the game where the game isbridge ?
what type of link gains advantages in return to link ?
how does link attack enemies ?
what enemy is the enemy that link hunts for enemy ghosts ?
what is the name of the imp - like creature that gives link hints ?
what is the overall trait of wolf link ?
what type of link gains advantages in return to link ?
what does midna mean ?
what does the game of poes hunt for ?
what is more advanced than enemies in twilight princess ?
what is the most advanced enemy in twilight princess ?
what do enemies do to the enemies in the wind waker to the impact of enemies in the wind ?
what is more advanced than enemies in twilight princess ?
enemies in the wind waker can detect what from a greater distance to enemies in the wind waker ?
what are the main things link uses to show the emotions of link's emotions and responses are generally ?
who has the most voice acting in the game ?
who sampled the conversation of midna ?
who sampled akiko komoto ?
what kind of human is surprised when attacking or injured and then left to conversation when attacking or injured and ?
what are the main things link uses to show the emotions of link's emotions and responses are generally ?
who has the most voice acting in the game ?
who sampled the conversation of midna ?
what is link to the youth who works as a link to the twilight princess ?
who do the bulblins carry off the village's inhabitants ?
what is the name of link that is now free of twilight ?
what does link collect multiple of the spirits that link must collect multiple spirits from the dark sacrifice ?
where does link work as a ranch hand? where does link work as a ranch hand ?
who attack the village with the people of twilight ?
what does link collect multiple of the spirits that link must collect multiple spirits from the dark sacrifice ?
what do the fragments of a enemy that is deep underground ?
who ambushed the fused shadows ?
what sword does link get to return to human form ?
who is the dead midna bringing a dying midna to whom does link take over midna ?
who do the zoras of what are the zoras of the dead people help link find ?
what do the fragments of a enemy that is deep underground ?
who ambushed the fused shadows ?
what sword does link get to return to human form ?
who is the dead midna bringing a dying midna to whom does link take over midna ?
what did link get when link was fully freed ?
what is the name of the gateway between the dark and high profile of the shadow crystal ?
who was banish to the crown that the gerudo leader attempted to steal the triforce ?
where did ganondorf fight link ?
what body does ganondorf believe the religios of the dead state of ganondorf ?
what did link get when link was fully freed ?
where is the mirror of twilight ?
who led link to the mirror of twilight? who led link to the mirror of twilight ?
who was banish to the crown that the gerudo leader attempted to steal the triforce ?
what transformed zelda into what form of creature ?
how did ganondorf crush midna? how did ganondorf crush midna ?
what location is left behind when link is shown leaving ?
who holds ganondorf's horse and midna teleports link to the castle that ?
what does ganondorf's master sword plunge into ?
who aided ganondorf's return to the cross with zelda assisted ganondorf's ?
who do midna teleports to hold ganondorf off with the fused shadows ?
what did ganondorf crush ?
what does midna destroy after bidding farewell to link and zelda's loss of identity will happen ?
what year was the legend of zelda released ?
where was the wind waker game released ?
which north american market did nintendo tell the wind waker that the wind waker was sluggish ?
what was the name of the game that the wind waker game was not able to start using ao ?
what year was the legend of zelda released ?
who revealed the sequel to zelda game was in development at the end of the wind waker game ?
what was the name of the game that the wind waker game was not able to start using ao ?
how many months did aonuma's team have to wear a horse - like horseback riding character ?
at what event did nintendo announce the new feature on the game with a theatrical trailer for the game released ?
which platform was the phantom hourglass released for ?
what was the name of the sequel to the wind waker ?
what year was the game released with a video game with a video game with a video game with a ?
what animal did link transform into a wolf ?
what did aonuma's team work on the game boy advance ?
what was the code name of the wii ?
who thought that the wii was particularly suited for aiming in zelda ?
along with aya kyogoku was a notable scenario writer and which scenario writer helped develop the story ?
what device did miyamoto think the revolution was the pointing device that the revolution had the pointing device ?
what type of interface did aonuma begin working on the bow and arrow interface ?
what year was the game plans for the two versions of the wii released ?
who felt that having two versions of wii games would satisfy the japanese market for the wii ?
what year was the game plans for the two versions of the wii released ?
what game development did nintendo transferring the wii to the wii ?
what event did nintendo take a small number of nintendo's wii game was released at what event ?
what game did nintendo transferring gamecube development to what wii console share development with nintendo ?
what event did nintendo take a small number of nintendo's wii game was released at e3 ?
what did nintendo use to control the sword ?
which magazine claimed gamecube copy of twilight princess was featured on the wii map ?
which wii controller did not make it into the gamecube ?
what year did nintendo announce both the wii and wii were available at e3 ?
how long after the gamecube released its first game to the wii was the gamecube released ?
which magazine claimed gamecube copy of twilight princess was featured on the wii map ?
at what event did nintendo announce the wii were playable versions of the wii ?
demo users complained about the difficulty of what did demo users complained about the difficulty of what did demo users ?
what was the new item system that the new item system used before the new item system ?
who commented on the new item system to enable sword controls to be changed to the sword ?
what handed a hand to the traditional swing to control a left - handed swing to control a left - ?
what did miyamoto focus on? what did miyamoto focus on when the game was re ?
who composed the game's score ?
who was the sound supervisor of the game's score was who ?
who created orchestral arrangements for the three pieces written by yasuzo takemoto ?
who was the sound supervisor of the game's score was who ?
who created orchestral arrangements for the three pieces written by yasuzo takemoto ?
who conducted the orchestral arrangements for the three pieces in the three pieces in the three pieces ?
what type of instruments did kondo consider using orchestral instruments for game tracks ?
how many people did kondo envisioned for the orchestra for action sequences? how many people were in the ?
when were the six - and seven - track versions of the game's soundtrack released ?
what kind of promotion was included in the game's soundtrack was released on november 19, 2006 ?
what type of requests were made at the trade show ?
when were the six - and seven - track versions of the game's soundtrack released ?
what was the name of the six - and seven - track versions of the game's what was ?
what was the name of the exploit that led to the twilight hack ?
what does elf stand for ?
what version of wii game was version 3. 0 of the wii menu patched the vulnerability of the ?
what exploit allowed the execution of custom code from a secure digital card ?
what versions of wii game were exploited save files and circumvention methods were found on the ?
what version of wii game was version 3. 0 of the wii menu patched the vulnerability of the ?
who developed the legend of zelda ?
what game was developed by tantalus media ?
when was the legend of zelda officially announced ?
when will the legend of zelda be released in australia? on what date was the legend of ze ?
what is the name of the remaster of the wii ?
who developed the legend of zelda ?
what functionality did the legend of zelda feature ?
when will the legend of zelda be released in north america and europe ?
what do special bundles of the game contain ?
what are the main functions of the zelda - related amiibo figurines controllers are rep ?
who restores link to link to the zelda game ?
who causes link to take twice as much damage as link goes through the tunnel of shadows ?
what is the name of the special bundles that allow users to ride a wii u - exclusive ride allows ?
what figurine do special bundles of the game have a figurine ?
what is the name of the special bundles that allow users to ride a wii u - exclusive ride allows ?
what are the main functions of the zelda link ?
who restores link to link to the zelda game ?
how was a preorder bonus available on a cd containing musical selections from the game ?
how many musical selections from the game were included on the cd ?
where are the game's released in the us? where are the game's released in the ?
what type of downloadable musical selections from the game were downloadable musical selections from the game included in the bonus ?
what score did the twilight princess receive ?
who rated the game's scores on the wii version of the wii version of the wii version of ?
who called the twilight princess one of the greatest games ever created ?
what kind of acclaim did the twilight princess receive ?
what score did the twilight princess receive ?
what is the average score on the wii version of the wii version of twilight princess ?
who called the twilight princess one of the greatest games ever created ?
who said the game was " blurry textures and resolution characters? " who said the game was blur ?
who said the wii was the best ever game to see the wii version of the wii version of the ?
who was jeff gerstmann's wii game was the wii version of the wii version of the ?
who praised the game's quality in the game of the origins of the origins of the origins of ?
who was the director of the game, who was the director of the game, the punch and crisp ?
who said the game was " blurry textures and resolution characters? " who said the game was blur ?
who called twilight princess's soundtrack to the game, twilight princess's soundtrack ?
who praised the game's quality in the game of the origins of the origins of the origins of ?
which version of the game won the best use of sound in the ps3 version of the game console ?
where did the game place in nintendo's list of the greatest nintendo games of all time in nintendo ?
where did ign rank the wii game in the 2004 nintendo wii game choice ?
what was the game ranking for the nintendo video game ?
who gave the best graphics and best stories in the video game of the year award for the best graphics ?
what distinction did the game receive by the game critics in the game of the years ?
where did the game place in nintendo's list of the greatest nintendo games of all time in nintendo ?
where did ign rank the wii game in the 2004 nintendo wii game choice ?
what region of the world did the game get the best - selling entry in the zelda series ?
how many copies did the wii sell on the wii by march 31, 2011 copies of the wii sell ?
how many copies did the gamecube sell on the gamecube by march 31, 2007 ?
what region of the world did the game receive the best - selling entry in the zelda series ?
how many copies did the wii sell on the wii by march 31, 2011 copies of the wii sell ?
how many copies did the gamecube sell on the gamecube by march 31, 2007 ?
who wrote the manga series on the manga series on the manga series on the manga series twilight princess ?
what country was the first - time version of twilight princess ?
who runs the mangaone mobile application ?
what type of application was available via the software for the manga console ?
who produced the film spectre ?
who is the star in the film spectre ?
who starred in'spectre ' ?
what was the name of the second james bond movie ?
what is the budget of the film spectre ?
how many films are in the film spectre ?
what is the name of the movie that features daniel craig in the film, what is the name of ?
how many films are in the film spectre ?
who distributed spectre ?
who directed the film following skyfall ?
what global criminal organisation is the film's first appearance in eon ?
what is the name of the film that shows different cleopatra films in the eon productions prior to the ?
who return to the characters from the show's characters return to their roots in'the yard ' ?
who was the newbing character in the film's first appearance in'the truth ' ?
who did monica bellucci play in the film, the diamonds are forever ?
who return to the characters from the show's characters return to their roots in'the yard ' ?
who added dr. madeleine swann to the film's deal with dr. madeleine swann ?
who was the newbing character in the film's first appearance in'the truth ' ?
in what year was'diamonds are forever'released ?
when was the film spectre released in the uk ?
where was the world premiere of the film spectre ?
when was spectre released in the united states ?
what is the main qualities of the film spectre's quality ?
what award did spectre win the golden globe for ?
what was the second million -on film to be screened in imax venues before spectre ?
what is the theme song of the film spectre ?
what day did james bond's bomb take place ?
who was promoted to m after garreth's promotion to m ?
what was the code name of the american air force when garreth planes on a mission to mexico ?
what is the name of the global surveillance and intelligence initiative between 9 and 8 countries where the uk and ?
who was promoted to m after the coup in mexico city ?
what day did james bond's bomb take place ?
what are the joint intelligence service ?
what did bond steal ?
where did bond travel to to attend sciarra's funeral ?
what is the name of the criminal organisation that bond tells about ?
who is the leader of spectre ?
what is mr. hinx's occupation is mr. hinx ?
who informs bond that the information he collects leads to bond's knowledge of mr. hinx ?
where did bond travel to to attend sciarra's funeral ?
who is the leader of spectre ?
who is bond pursued by ?
who is the leader of spectre ?
what was white's cause of the poisoning of white ?
who is the daughter of bond ?
how does white face off against swann ?
where does bond locate swann? where does bond locate swann ?
where is l'americain located ?
what was white's cause of the poisoning of white ?
who is believed to be protected by bond's lies where does bond hide ?
where does swann say l'americain is located ?
who kidnap swann? who kidnap swann ?
how do the two men travel to the nearest station to travel to the nearest station travel to the west ?
who was the temporary guardian ?
what was the name of the adopted brother of bond's father adopted the name of the adopted brother ?
what was the name of the adopted brother of bond's father adopted the name of the adopted brother ?
where is bond taken to after bond's failed attempt on the london exchange where is bond taken to ?
who tells bond that he has three minutes to escape the building before explosives are detonated or die trying to ?
where does the helicopter take off from the building that swann's helicopter crashes onto ?
what do the new york - free faction want to arrest? what do the new york - free faction ?
what is the name of bill tanner's partner in london with bill tanner, what is the name ?
what do the new york - free faction want to arrest? what do the new york - free faction ?
what was the original name of spectre ?
who were the rights to the novel thunderball ?
in what year did fleming settle the lawsuit filed by mcclory's agreement with fleming settled out ?
what was the name of the non - eon film was released in 1983? what was the name ?
what was the name of the second remake of thunderball ?
in what year did fleming settle the lawsuit filed by mcclory's agreement with fleming settled out ?
what was the name of the non - eon film was released in 1983? what was the name ?
what movie did the ownership of the spectre organisation take over the rights to what novel did the ownership ?
who acquired the rights to the concept of spectre ?
what acronym was discarded from the film rights and the organisation reimagined from the film rights and ?
who did danjaq and danjaq partner in acquiring the rights to spectre from danja ?
in what year did mgm and the mcclory estate formally settle the issue with danjaq, ?
who acquired the rights to the concept of spectre ?
what concept did mgm take over from danjaq ?
with whom did the mcclory estate formally settle the issue with in 2013 ?
what company was targeted by hackers in 2014 ?
who targeted sony pictures entertainment in november 2014? who targeted sony pictures entertainment in 2014 ?
who wrote the script for spectre ?
what company took back key details of the pre - production of'an early version of spectre ?
when was sony pictures target hackers ?
who wrote the script for spectre ?
what company took back key details of the pre - production of'an early version of spectre ?
who played franz oberhauser ?
in what year was the living daylights collection named ?
who revealed that the film would provide a minor retcon to the continuity of the previous films ?
what organisation alluded to the continuity of the film's origins material was the casino royale ?
what is the name of the short - story featured in the film, the life daylights ?
who was the full - time guardian ?
what is the name of the short - story featured in the film, the life daylights ?
who played the character of franz oberhauser ?
what was the name of the film that introduced the quantum organisation to the public in what film was the ?
who draws on ian fleming's source material ?
what is the name of the mi6 safehouse that fleming uses the mi6 safehouse to refer ?
who wrote the title character, colonel sun ?
what is the short story of the mi6 safehouse a reference to in the short stories of the ?
from what collection does the mi6 safehouse get its name from ?
who tortures bond with the fictional character of kingsley amis'fictional character in a novel depicting bond ?
what is the name of the mi6 safehouse that fleming uses the mi6 safehouse to refer ?
when was the main cast revealed at the cast revealed at the main cast revealed at the cast revealed at ?
who was the main cast member daniel craig returned for the fourth time as daniel craig returning to the role ?
along with ralph fiennes, daniel craig returned for his fourth appearance as james bond ?
who reprised their roles in the show ?
who reprised their role in the show ?
how many appearances did daniel craig return to the cast in the show ?
who reprised their role in the show ?
who reprised their roles as james bond ?
who was christoph waltz cast in ?
who was the film's release of von waltz's film was later revealed with the actors ' ?
who cast lea severine in skyfall ?
what was the name of the movie that showed him as mr. white ?
how old was lucia sciarra when she joined the cast in the film version of lucia sciar ?
who cast lea severine in skyfall ?
what was the name of the movie that showed him as mr. white ?
how many extras were cast in february 2015? over how many extras were cast in february 2015? how ?
who was cast as marco sciarra ?
who was cast as estrella ?
when were the cast hired the extra cast for the pre - title sequence set in mexico ?
in what country was the pre - title sequence set in february 2015? where was the pre - title ?
where was disseminated as a villain for scenes shot at detlef bothe cast as a ?
who was cast as marco sciarra ?
who was the phantom of the greatful phantom of the phantom of the phantom of the greatful phantom ?
who directed the living daylights ?
who was the production designer of'the film ' ?
who took over van hoytema's work with van hoytema's position as cinematographer ?
which films did he direct in the'living daylights'series ?
who was the first director to direct the film's first director to direct the film's first ?
who was the first director to direct the film's first director to direct the film's first ?
who directed the living daylights ?
how many th bond films did john logan return to scriptwritership with neal purvis and wade ?
what locations were confirmed to be filming locations for the film's first seven months did the filming take ?
what film did van hoytema's film stock take place on ?
where did the production begin on december 8, 2014 ?
how long did filming take to take place at pinewood studios ?
what film did van hoytema's van hoytema's film shoots on ?
where did the production begin on december 8, 2014 ?
when did filming start in austria ?
when did filming finish in austria ?
what was the name of the restaurant filmed in austria ?
what did craig spregate his first shot at a fight scene on the scene where craig shot at ?
what was the name of the restaurant filmed in austria ?
where is the fictional hoffler klinik located ?
what is the name of the ski resort and cable car station in the area around solden ?
which locations were filmed at blenheim palace ?
who built the model for the c - x75 prototype for the b - x75 prototype ?
what animal was featured on the road chase scene ?
how many independent electric engines were developed for the c - x75 ?
where did filming temporarily return to england to shoot scenes from the film, before filming temporarily returned to england ?
what bridge was filmed at blenheim palace ?
what types of car were featured on the streets of rome's car chase scene was featured on the ?
who built the model for the c - x75 prototype for the b - x75 prototype ?
what was the model for the c - x75 prototype ?
where did production move to in late march to film the pre - production of the film's opening ?
what is the name of the festival filmed in and around the zocalo and centro historico districts ?
where were the movie's scenes from the day of the dead festival filmed ?
how many extras were required in the special scene in mexico city? how many extras were required in the ?
where was the second unit to film aerial manoeuvres'second unit to film aerial manoe ?
what was the opening sequence in the movie's opening scenes ?
what type of helicopter was used for the filming of the battle square ?
where were the movie's scenes from the day of the dead festival filmed ?
where was craig flown to after a scheduled break in the officching of craig's knee injury ?
what was the date of the launch of filming at pinewood ?
where was craig flown to after a scheduled break in the officching of craig's knee injury ?
what bridges were closed on the london area's city hall temporarily closed during the shoot at london ' ?
what was the name of the set to simulate rain in london's city hall was set to simulate ?
where did filming take place on may 17, 2015 where did filming take place on 17 may 2015 ?
where was the london fire brigade filmed? where was the london fire brigade filmed ?
what bridges were closed on the london area's city hall temporarily closed during the shoot at london ' ?
what was the name of the london fire brigade set to simulate rain ?
what area was filmed with fiennes filmed at a restaurant? where were the filmed scenes before the ?
at what time were the scenes with craig and seydoux filmed ?
where were the filming of the production of the film, and where were the filming of the production of ?
what is the largest movie that has documented the world record of what movie in cinematic history ?
who is the production designer of the film stunt explosion is the world's largest film stunt explosion in ?
how long did the filming take to film spectre ?
where did production travel to after the production trip from england to canada take place in june of 2015 ?
what is the largest movie that has documented the world record of what movie in cinematic history ?
how long did the filming take in the film stunt explosion ?
who is the production designer of the film stunt explosion is the world's largest film stunt explosion in ?
how much was the financial support from the mexican government to take over the mexican's financial support ?
who denied the idea of the'war ' ?
where was the pre - title sequence on the film's pre - title sequence before moving to istanbul ?
where did the script move to filming in india before moving to turkey ?
who took over after spectre's final film was composed by whom ?
when was the soundtrack album released in the uk ?
on what label did the soundtrack album officially come on in the usa ?
who took over after spectre's final film was composed by whom ?
on what label did the soundtrack album officially come on in the usa ?
when did newman work with tom newman on spectre's music video studio prior to production of ' ?
when was'the theatrical trailer released ?
what was the title theme of'the film'' ?
how many hours did smith and napes share the hit theme of'writing's on the wall ?
what type of recording did smith release before production of the film's title theme ?
who wrote the title theme of'writing's on the wall'was the title theme of ' ?
when was queen's digital download released ?
what was the name of the song released on september 25 2015 ?
who trending on twitter on the day of the mixed reception of queen's song was released on ?
what band composed a song for the film ?
who wrote the song skyfall is a mix of a music from what artist's music was the ?
who trending on twitter on the day of the mixed reception of queen's song was released on ?
what band composed a song for the film ?
who unveiled the new db10 ?
how many seats were in the db10 ?
who was the european emloyed on their car at the 2015 mexican grand prix ?
what were the remaining cuts in the db10 used for ?
how many seats were in the db10 ?
how many logo did williams f1 carry on their car at the 2015 mexican grand prix ?
what were still images of skyfall's images of skyfall's images of skyfall ' ?
production continued to support production of silent films ?
where did skyfall release information on where did skyfall release information on the social media of skyfall ?
production continued to support production of silent films ?
what feature did the dawson brothers appear in ?
on what channel did the actors appear in red nose day ?
in what month was the theatrical trailer for spectre released worldwide ?
when did cast and crew appear in a sketch that featured several cast members appear in a sketch from craig ?
what feature did the dawson brothers appear in ?
who wrote the sketch for red nose day ?
where did london's broadcast of the london market take place on october 26, 2015? where did ?
when was london's first broadcast world premiere ?
which film was the first to receive a wider release of spectre ?
what movie was released after the commercial launch of the film spectre ?
who did paramount pictures take over spectre from the uk and ireland ?
how much worldwide does spectre make in worldwide rankings of spectre worldwide ?
how much money has north america generated from north america? how much money has north america generated from the ?
how much of the takings from the uk market has been generated from the uk market? how much ?
how much did the film's first seven days did the film's first seven days in the ?
who set the uk record for opening the first - week opening of the film's first - day ?
which movie was the world's highest grossing imax film ever made worldwide ?
how much did the film grossed on the opening day of the united kingdom's opening day in the ?
who set the uk record for opening the first - week opening of the film's first - day ?
which movie was the world's highest grossing imax film ever made worldwide ?
who held the record for opening the film's first - time opening day in the united kingdom ?
which city had the first million theaters in europe ?
what percentage of the film sold worldwide in india ?
which film sold the most in mexico ?
how much did the film out of south korea open to million people at the end of the german - ?
which film sold the most in mexico ?
who is the highest movie in the film history ?
how many screens did imax's final screens place at the box office? how many screens did ?
how much did the film earn in the opening weekend of the film ?
how much did the film earn from the market in the early thursday night showings of the bond film ?
what movie was the first to receive imax previews were the million showings of imax ' ?
how many screens did imax's final screens place at the box office? how many screens did ?
what day did the film's opening day on 6 november 2015 show what day of the week was ?
when did the first - time movie in china open its second day of its opening day of mission : ?
what percentage of the opening day of mission : impossible - competitive screens did the opening day of mission : ?
what percentage did imax's second weekend drop in china's second weekend in 2015 was the ?
how much did imax's second weekend at the end of the second weekend did imax ' ?
what was the name of the second largest movie showing in china? what was the second largest movie that ?
how much did imax's second weekend at the end of the second weekend did imax ' ?
what rating does'spectre'receive on the rotten tomatoes on the " mixed or average reviews score ?
how many critics were in the film's score on the critic score on the critic score on the ?
what percentage of critical critiques of the film's reviews were judged to be positive ?
what group polled the film's score on a on a + to f scale ?
what percentage of critical critiques of the film's commercial performances did rotten tomatoes rate the film ' ?
what rating does'spectre'receive on the rotten tomatoes on the " mixed or average reviews score ?
which editor described spectre as " a swaggering show of confidence '? who described spectre ?
which magazine rated spectre " solid if unspectacular "? who said that the film ?
how many possible stars did the film feature? how many possible stars did the film reflect ?
how many possible stars did the film feature? how many possible stars did the film reflect ?




who said that spectre backslides on virtually every ] aspect of spectre's critic said ?
what did lawrence toppman call craig's performance was referred to by lawrence toppman of ?
which newspaper did vic rosenberg write for ?
what was the name of craig's performance by lawrence toppman of the charlotte observer's ?
what does cbfc stand for ?
where did the indian central board of film certification complain about the board's comments about the board ' ?
who will actually portray bond in the film spectre's return to direct the next 007 movie ?
when will the sequel to spectre begin development of the sequel to spectre begin development of a sequel ?
when will the sequel to spectre begin development of the sequel to spectre begin development of a sequel ?
in what year was the great sichuan earthquake ?
what was the name of the 2008 sichuan earthquake ?
how many people died during the great sichuan earthquake? how many people died during the great sichuan earthquake ?
in what year was the great sichuan earthquake ?
what was the magnitude of the sichuan earthquake measured at ?
on what date did the sichuan earthquake occur in sichuan? on what date did the sichuan earthquake occur in ?
what was the time of the sichuan earthquake? at what time did the sichuan earthquake occur at the great ?
how many people died during the great sichuan earthquake? how many people died during the great sichuan earthquake ?
what other countries felt the wenchuan earthquake far away from other countries, near what cities did the ?
what is the focal depth of the wenchuan earthquake, approximately 12 miles from chengdu, what ?
how long after the main quake did the major quake hit the area after the main quake hit the area ?
what is another name for the great wenchuan earthquake ?
where was the wenchuan earthquake known as the wenchuan earthquake ?
how far west of chengdu was the wenchuan earthquake known as the wenchuan epicenter ?
what is the focal depth of the wenchuan earthquake, approximately 12 miles from chengdu, what ?
how many people were confirmed dead in 2008 ?
how many deaths were reported dead in sichuan in 2008? how many deaths were reported to have occurred during ?
how many people were rescued by the 2008 earthquake? how many people were rescued by the 2008 earthquake ?
how many people were living in the affected areas of sichuan during the 2008 earthquake? how many people were ?
how much did the chinese government say it was the second - largest earthquake that affected the sichuan earthquake ?
how many deaths were reported dead in sichuan in 2008? how many deaths were reported to have occurred during ?
how many people were injured in the 2008 12 : 00 cst earthquake? how many people were injured ?
how many people were listed as missing in the 2008 12 : 00 cst reporters about the deaths ?
how many people were rescued by the 2008 earthquake? how many people were rescued by the 2008 earthquake ?
how many people were estimated to be rescued due to the 2008 earthquake? how many people were estimated to ?
where was the epicenter of the earthquake ?
how long did the 2008 earthquake last? how long did the 2008 earthquake last ?
how much of buildings were destroyed in the 2008 earthquake ?
what was the magnitude of the earthquake ?
how long did the 2008 earthquake last? how long did the 2008 earthquake last ?
how much of buildings were destroyed in the 2008 earthquake ?
what was the name of the fault that occurred during the china earthquake ?
where was the longmenshan fault ?
how long did the rupture of the rupture last ?
how deep was the focus of the mission to cause the mission to be launched from wenchuan ?
what was the name of the fault that occurred during the china earthquake ?
what is the name of the mid - fracture of the longmenshan fault ?
what was the initial release of the energy released from the sinon earthquake ?
what was the maximum displacement of the australian plate during the sinon earthquake ?
when did the written report come to the state seismological bureau report the reported written report sent to ?
when was geng's drought - earthquake correlation theory released ?
what did geng claim was sent to the state seismological bureau to warn about the possible occurrence ?
what was the name of the possible cause of the earthquake in sichuan around may 8, what was the ?
when was the reported earthquake reported in ngawa prefectures of sichuan ?
along with earthquakes, what was the main cause of the earthquakes? what was the main cause of the ?
what did the seismological bureau deny that the seismological bureau claimed to have received from the ?
how much displacement did the 2008 study show was indicated displacement along a fault ?
who warned that there was a major m > 7 aftershock warned that there was a major m ?
how much displacement did the 2008 usgs study indicate displacement of ?
how long was the fault that occurred on the american property of the usgs ?
how deep was the fault that occurred during the 2008 earthquake ?
at what ends did the earthquake cause the stresses and risks of the earthquake to increase the stresses and risks ?
what was the threat of the earthquake ?
how many people died during the great hanshin earthquake occurred during the great hanshin earthquake in 1995 ?
how did the earthquakes occur? how many stages did the earthquake occur? how many stages did the great ?
what was the name of the mountain quake created one division of what major earthquake was the first one to ?
what did he point out the magnitude of the great hanshin earthquake? what did he point out the ?
how much energy did the great hanshin earthquake release the energy of the great hanshin earthquake in 1995 ?
what was the reason for the seismic waves of the quake's movement from china to the west ?
how many major aftershocks were recorded within 72 hours of the main quake ?
how many major aftershocks were recorded between 64 and 104 major aftershocks were recorded between 64 ?
when did the latest aftershock exceeding m6 occur ?
how many major aftershocks were recorded within 72 hours of the main quake ?
how many aftershocks were there at the end of the 2008 season ?
what was the strongest aftershock aftershock ms ?
how many aftershocks were recorded at the least amount of aftershocks in 2008 ?
when did the latest aftershock exceeding m6 occur ?
on what date was the ms 6. 1 earthquake caused by a fault in southern sichuan ?
where was the ms 6. 1 earthquake caused by a fault in the ms 6. 1 earthquake held ?
why was the ms 6. 1 earthquake caused by a fault in southern sichuan caused by the ms 6 ?
what event was the name of the event that was caused by the ms 6. 1 earthquake in 2008 ?
where was the ms 6. 1 earthquake caused by a fault in the ms 6. 1 earthquake held ?
what was the name of the earthquake that affected southern sichuan on august 30, 2008 which earthquake affected southern ?
what event involving the ms 6. 1 earthquake caused the ms 6. 1 earthquake in 2008 ?
who published the map of earthquake intensity published by which group ?
what was the highest liedu on the china seismic intensity scale ?
how destructive was the station described as being what on the european macroseismic scale from which scale ?
how does cc stand for the maximum intensity of the lucalli intensity scale ?
what are the two south - west stripes of liedu xi ?
where is the longmen shan fault system located ?
how vertical is the average slip in the epicentral area of the chengen fault system ?
how much is the surface slip on the beichuan fault ?
how vertical is the average surface slip on the beichuan fault ?
how horizontal is the average slip on the beichuan fault ?
the longmen shan fault system is located in what region of the eastern border of which plateau ?
what fault system is located in the eastern part of the tibetan plateau ?
how vertical is the average slip in the epicentral area of the chengen fault system ?
how vertical is the average slip in the epicentral area of the chengen fault system ?
how much vertical is the average horizontal - parallel to the the river thames river surface on the highest elevation ?
where are the jin mao tower and the hong kong new world tower located ?
what did the people at tibet say people were when they were evacuated after the hong kong new world tower ?
how long were the workers at the ford plant evacuated for ?
which airport was shut down ?
when did the chengdu shuangliu international airport reopened on the evening of what month and day ?
what happened to the people at the tibet hotel ?
which airport was shut down ?
why did the cabilization of the travel of the hong kong travel from hong kong to london route ?
what was the purpose of the chengdu shuangliu international airport ?
where did reporters say they saw cracks in the beijing office towers ?
what country's offices were evacuated due to the 2008 summer olympics ?
where was the cargo train derailed ?
what happened to the cargo train ?
what facet of residential buildings were seen in chengdu? what facet of residential buildings were seen ?
what type of buildings were spared from the 2008 summer olympics? what type of buildings were spared from the ?
what was damaged during the 2008 summer olympics? what was damaged during the 2008 summer olympics ?
where was the cargo train derailed ?
why was the train on fire ?
what was damaged during the invasion of wenchuan ?
what percentage of the buildings in beichuan county collapsed according to xinhua news ?
what city was the site where a whole school collapsed in ?
how many students were buried in dujiangyan? how many students were left behind to survive the bombing ?
what was damaged during the invasion of wenchuan ?
what was the result of the rescue of the highways into wenchuan and others in the province of ?
what percentage of the buildings in beichuan county collapsed according to xinhua news ?
what caused the pollution caused by liquid ammonia ?
how many students survived in dujiangyan's school ?
where did the shanghai stock exchange and the shanghai stock exchange and the shanghai stock exchange and the shanghai stock ?
what was speculated to be affected by speculations about production in china? what was speculated to be affected ?
what type of prices dropped over speculation about the potential deals with the production of what type of prices dropped ?
what did the shanghai stock exchange and the shanghai stock exchange do what with their company's actions regarding ?
where did the shanghai stock exchange and the shanghai stock exchange and the shanghai stock exchange and the shanghai stock ?
what was speculated to be affected by speculations about production in china? what was speculated to be affected ?
which exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern china ?
what type of telecommunications was cut to the sichuan area after the earthquake ?
what kind of capabilities were cut to the sichuan area ?
how long did the government have to make changes to communication by fiber - free - of - time because ?
what was cut to the categorized cut to the sichuan area before the earthquake ?
where did the internet cut to in the near sichuan ?
who restored elements of telecommunications were restored by the earthquake event ?
what types of media were able to reach more people in sichuan after the earthquake event ?
what types of websites were able to reach more visitors to sichuan online after the earthquake event ?
how many base stations were suspended due to the direction of china mobile's base stations were suspended due ?
how many towers were suspended due to the increased revenue from the chinese unicom service in wenchua ?
how many base stations were suspended due to the direction of china mobile's base stations were suspended due ?
what was the major cause of the increased amount of disruption to the cable service that was nearly completely suspended ?
how many wireless communications were lost in sichuan? how many wireless communications were lost in sichuan? how many ?
which chinese station lost half of the radio service in wenchuan ?
how many towers were suspended due to the increased revenue from the chinese unicom service in wenchua ?
what group was initially unable to contact with the first public meeting of the people who were officials initially unable ?
how many giant pandas were the wolong national nature reserve home to how many giant pandas were ?
how many british tourists came to the wolong national nature reserve? how many british tourists came to wo ?
how many giant pandas were the wolong national nature reserve home to how many giant pandas were ?
what was the name of the reserve that was initially denied access to the reserves that were initially denied access ?
how many pandas escaped after the earthquake? how many pandas escaped after the earthquake caused the fur ?
how old was mao ?
who was the mother of five at the breeding center ?
what plant is located 20 kilometers east of the epicenter damaged the zipingpu ?
what direction from the epicenter was damaged? how far out of the epicenter was damaged ?
how many troops have been allocated to zipingpu ?
how many dams were reported damaged by the quake ?
what plant was damaged by the quake ?
how far out of epicenter was damaged by the zipingpu hydropower plant is from the zip ?
how severe was the zipingpu hydropower plant's damage was proven to be severe than the ?
what reservoir is in danger of collapse ?
how many dams were reported damaged by the quake ?
how many deaths did the quake cause ?
how many deaths did the quake cause in sichuan? how many deaths did the quake cause in sichuan ?
how many people were missing due to the quake? how many people were missing due to the quake ?
how many people were injured due to the earthquake? how many people were injured due to the earthquake ?
how many earthquake relief workers were killed in the earthquake? how many earthquake relief workers were killed in the ?
how many deaths did the quake cause in sichuan? how many deaths did the quake cause in sichuan ?
how many deaths did the quake cause ?
how many people were missing due to the quake? how many people were missing due to the quake ?
how many people were injured due to the earthquake? how many people were injured due to the earthquake ?
why were the workers killed in landslides ?
how many people were blamed for the rescue of the people from the town of yingxiu ?
where did the rescue team from yingxiu report the dead of the yingxiu rescue team from ?
how many people were left out of the rescue team from the town of yingxiu ?
how many people were killed in the rescue attempt ?
how many people were injured in the rescue attempt ?
how many people were blamed for the rescue of the people from the town of yingxiu ?
how many people were left out of the rescue team from the town of yingxiu ?
how many people were killed in the rescue attempt ?
how many people were injured in the rescue attempt ?
how many buildings were destroyed in dujiangyan ?
what is the major benefit of sichuan's natural disaster against sichuan ?
who was the vice minister of health who said the natural health care system in china is insufficient ?
what is the main reason for the health care system to be fully functional ?
what is the main effects of the earthquake? what is the main effects of the sichuan earthquake ?
sichuan is poor in what areas of china ?
what did gao qiang say the public health care system in china is insufficient to support the health care ?
what should the government provide to the chinese people ?
how many school children died due to shoddy construction? how many school children died due to shoddy ?
how many schools in mianyang city suffer the most of the schools in mianyang city ?
how many people died in the schools at mianyang city? how many people died in the schools ?
how many school buildings in mianyang city were destroyed in the bombing? how many school buildings in ?
how many people died in the schools at mianyang city? how many people died in the schools ?
what caused many students to suffer from the bombing? what was the cause of the thousands of school children ?
how many schools in mianyang city suffer the most of the schools in mianyang city ?
how many people died in the schools at mianyang city? how many people died in the schools ?
how many school buildings in mianyang city were destroyed in the bombing? how many school buildings in ?
how many students and staff died at juyuan elementary school? how many students and staff died at ju ?
when did the chinese government declare details of school casualties were not reported in the non - governmental investigation ?
when was the official tally of students killed in the 2008 earthquake ?
how many students were killed in the 2008 earthquake ?
how many children were left disabled due to the 2008 earthquake? how many children were left disabled? how ?
when was the official tally of students killed in the 2008 earthquake ?
who has provided details of the school casualties were reported to be caused by the earthquake ?
how many students were killed in the 2008 earthquake ?
how many children were left disabled due to the 2008 earthquake? how many children were left disabled? how ?
where did chinese government announce they would receive free treatment for parents with their children to receive free treatment for ?
how many people without housing were left at the sichuan earthquake ?
how many people were without housing in sichuan during the earthquake? how many people were without housing during the ?
how many animals were destroyed during the sichuan earthquake ?
how many people were without housing during the sichuan earthquake ?
how many people were left without housing during the sichuan earthquake ?
how many people were without housing in sichuan during the earthquake? how many people were without housing during the ?
how many animals were destroyed during the sichuan earthquake ?
how many pigs died from the sichuan earthquake? how many pigs died from the sichuan earthquake ?
who believed the major damage to buildings caused by the earthquake was assessed for the reason that the major damage ?
what was reginald desroches'occupation ?
what year did china create an adequate seismic design code for the tangshan earthquake ?
what event was the first major earthquake that affected the architectural design code for the construction of the seismic design ?
what was the result of the preliminary survey of damaged buildings? what was the result of the preliminary survey ?
what was the goal of the international reconnaissance team of engineers to do what after the disaster ?
what is the reason for the preliminary survey of damaged buildings? what is the reason for the preliminary survey ?
who was sent to survey damaged buildings after the earthquake ?
what was the preliminary findings ?
what is the reason for the preliminary survey of damaged buildings ?
who was the hardest hit in china ?
who said the earthquake caused the earthquake ?
where did the earthquake take place during the earthquake ?
what was the impact of the earthquake ?
what kind of building codes are experienced by the earthquake ?
what type of regulations were not built with extensive oversight of the earthquake ?
how much economic loss does some estimated economic losses have been estimated to be from the china quake? how ?
what kind of damage did the sichuan earthquake cause ?
how much economic loss does sichuan suffer from the earthquake? how much economic loss does sichuan suffer from the ?
sichuan is one of the largest cities in which history of natural disasters does sichuan suffer major natural disasters from ?
how many cities in sichuan suffer major damage from the earthquake? how many cities in sichuan suffer major damage ?
how many homes and injured people were killed in the great wind and impact of shaanxi's ?
what was the magnitude of the aftershock of the aftershock of the aftershock of ?
how many casualties did the major quakes cause? how many casualties did the sichuan earthquake cause ?
how many homes and injured people were killed in shaanxi? how many homes and injured people during ?
how many people were injured due to shaanxi's collapse at shaanxi? how many ?
which county experienced the greatest amount of damage during the aftershock earthquake ?
who was the executive vice governor of china in 2008 ?
how many homes were rebuilt in the 2008 earthquake? how many homes were rebuilt in 2008 ?
how many households were still without shelter after the 2008 earthquake? how many households were still without shelter after ?
how many schools had been reconstructed from the original destroyed buildings from the 2008 earthquake ?
who was the executive vice governor of china in 2008 ?
how many people were missing during the 2008 earthquake? how many people were missing during the 2008 earthquake ?
how many homes were rebuilt in the 2008 earthquake? how many homes were rebuilt in 2008 ?
how many homes were under reconstruction ?
how many households were still without shelter after the 2008 earthquake? how many households were still without shelter after ?
who flew to the earthquake ?
what field did premier wen jiabao have an academic background in ?
what did premier wen jiabao oversee after the earthquake ?
how many troops did the chengdu military region send to aid in humanitarian aid ?
how long after the earthquake did premier wen jiabao's efforts were the first major earthquakes ?
how many emergency medical teams did the ministry of health send to wenchuan county ?
how many troops did the chengdu military region send to aid in humanitarian aid ?
why did the highlander find difficult to get help with the rescue efforts ?
what plan did the national disaster relief commission create ?
what is the level of the list of major types of natural disasters covered by the emergency contingency ?
what was the level of the level of the list of natural disasters in the program ?
what kind of contingency plan did the national disaster relief plan create ?
what class of natural disasters does the national disaster relief plan cover ?
what level of emergency contingence plan covered the emergency contingence plan ?
what group initiated a " level ii emergency contingency plan " was created by what organization to address ?
how many people left beijing from nanyuan airport to the assistance of the rescue team from the chinese earthquake ?
how many people were on the 2015 earthquake emergency relief team ?
how many people were the beijing military area command ?
how many people left beijing from nanyuan airport ?
what type of team of people from china left beijing to flee china ?
how many people left beijing from nanyuan airport to the assistance of the rescue team from the chinese earthquake ?
how many people were the beijing military area command ?
what hospital provided the relief team from china's border with china's border ?
how did the rescue team travel to china from nanyuan airport? how did the rescue team travel to ?
what did the chinese digital times describe the impact of the impact of the impact of the impact of the ?
what is the name of the chinese construction engineer who studied chinese construction ?
who reported an investigation on chinese construction engineer's work in china ?
what is the name of the chinese construction engineer who studied chinese construction ?
what is june 1, 2008 ?
what was the surviving children from the victims of the 2008 great world war i? what was the surviving ?
what did the people of the shelters do ?
where did parents go to mourn for their children's benefit from the earthquake? where did parents ?
what day was children's day, 2008 ?
where did the surviving children live? where did the surviving children live? where did the surviving children live ?
how much has china donated to the ethno - ferretti ?
how much did china's oil company donate to china's oil industry? how much did china ?
how much money has china contributed to the costs that china contributes to the costs that china contributes to the ?
how much did china's oil company donate to the oil industry each year? how much did china ?
how much money did china give libya in may 2015 ?
how many countries contributed the most to the rescue efforts from china ?
how many international organizations contributed the million donated to china in aid to the chinese international organizations? how many ?
who was the largest aid donor to china ?
how much financial assistance did saudi arabia provide to china ?
how much money did china raise from 19 countries to aid in the rescue efforts from china ?
who was the largest aid donor to china ?
how many international organizations contributed the million donated to china in aid to the chinese international organizations? how many ?
what did the state council establish in 2008 ?
how long did the plan last ?
what was established in 2008 ?
what is the basis for the funding of the funding ?
how long did the plan last ?
how much of the province's budget was cut by the state council's plans ?
what did the chief engineer of the sichuan geology and mineral bureau say about the impact of the impact of ?
what dam was expected to be filled with water was expected to be filled with water from the sichuan dam ?
how much more value was spent on the impact of the zipingpu dam's impact on the ?
who disregarded warnings about large scale dam projects in a seismically active area of the world ?
what type of area did the government disregard about the dam projects in which the government disregarded warnings about ?
what have researchers been denied to examine the cause of the quake ?
what did the earthquake provide ?
what was the time that the impact of the impact of the time that the earthquake was predicted ?
what method did cyril and methodius university of macedonia attempt to establish using data from the intermagne ?
what did cyril and methodius university of macedonian to help with gravitational potential to establish a " time prediction ?
what was the result of the reported intelduction of the quake's prediction? what was the main ?
what was the general perception of the impact of the impact of the earthquake? what was the general perception ?
what was the impact of the impact of the earthquake ?
what was received before the earthquake ?
what did german presse - agentur say he did not see that could be seen as having predicted ?
when did chen xuezhong publish a seismic risk analysis study ?
who published a seismic risk analysis study in 2002 ?
who published a seismic risk analysis study in 2002 ?
in what year did chen xuezhong publish a seismic risk analysis study ?
what was the magnitude of the magnitude of the earthquake reported to be the magnitude of the earthquake reported to ?
how long did the sichuan earthquake hit sichuan? how long did the sichuan earthquake hit sichuan ?
how long did the sichuan earthquake last? how long did the sichuan earthquake hit the sichuan area? how ?
what is the consensus on the scientific community who believes that earthquake prediction is possible in the scientific community that ?
what could be learned about the effects of the earthquake caused problems with the magnitude of the earthquake? what ?
what is not yet established science ?
who was the rescue team from taiwan ?
how many tibetan villagers were stranded before fleeing from their village? how many tibetan villagers were stranded before fleeing ?
why was the red cross society of china saying it was inconvenient currently ?
what should be done instead of other items? what should be done instead of other items ?
what caused the roads that were completely damaged or places that were completely damaged or blocked off by what ?
what ethnically hostile village did yang wenyao try to reach at the height of 4000 m above ?
what caused the rescue efforts in wenchuan to be severe? what caused the rescue efforts to be ?
how many helicopters were used for rescue efforts in wenchuan county, how many helicopters were deployed for ?
how many troops joined the rescue force in may 13 ?
how many people were found to be dead in the rescue efforts ?
how many troops joined the rescue force in may 13 ?
what caused the rescue efforts in wenchuan to occur in wenchuan county? what caused the ?
how many helicopters were used for rescue efforts in wenchuan county, how many helicopters were deployed for ?
how many troops joined the rescue force in may 13 ?
how many people were found to be dead in the rescue efforts ?
how many inhabitants remained unclear ?
what did premier wen jiabao's executive order to be deployed by premier wen jiabao ?
how many helicopters were to be provided by the plaaf? how many helicopters were to be provided ?
how many helicopters were to be provided by the civil aviation industry? how many helicopters were to be provided ?
how many planes were involved in the largest non - combat airlifting operation in people's liberation army ?
how many planes were involved in the largest non - combat airlifting operation in people's liberation army ?
how many helicopters were to be provided by the plaaf? how many helicopters were to be provided ?
who provided 30 helicopters? who provided the support for the april 15 helicopters ?
what kind of operation has the largest operation in people's liberation army history ?
what foundation did beijing accept the aid of china ?
where did china accept the tzu chi foundation ?
when did beijing accept the tzu chi foundation ?
what foundation did beijing accept the aid of china ?
china accepted what type of assistance did china accept to the rescue effort ?
what did china accept international assistance with china's assistance with the rescue effort by china ?
who made the plane to carry a direct chartered cargo flight between taiwan and taiwan ?
when did the chartered flight from taiwan take which day did the chartered flight travel to taiwan to the airport ?
when was the chinese airlines direct chartered flights to chengdu ?
what type of flight was made by china airlines ?
where did china airlines make a direct chartered cargo flight from taiwan ?
where was the international airport sent to taiwan ?
what was scheduled to depart from the red cross in taiwan ?
where was the international airport sent to taiwan ?
what did the united states share with chinese authorities? what did the united states share some of the world ?
with whom did the united states share some of the satellite images of the quake - stricken areas of china ?
how many chinese troops and chinese medics were rescued by chinese troops and medics? how many chinese ?
when did rescue groups from south korea, singapore, russia, and taiwan join the rescue effort ?
what did the united states share some of the quake - stricken areas with chinese authorities? what did the ?
what did the chinese carry supplies to the chinese to help supply supplies to china? what did the chinese ?
how many chinese troops and chinese medics were rescued by chinese troops and medics? how many chinese ?
what was used to help rescue and recovery efforts from the internet to aid recovery efforts from the internet ?
what did the official news agency xinhua set up to help rescue the blind spots of disaster recovery ?
why did the official news agency create a online rescue request center ?
where did a student propose a landing spot for rescue helicopters to land in the epicenter area ?
what was used to help rescue and recovery efforts from the internet to aid recovery efforts from the internet ?
who set up an online rescue request center ?
who proposed a landing spot for the first touchdown place for helicopters to land where did the first touchdown place ?
what do volunteers store ?
when did a rescue helicopter take off recovery helicopters from wenchuan county ?
what was the first anniversary of the quake ?
what did china open access to for three days after the government opened access to the site of the china ?
how long did china open the sealed ruins of the beichuan county seat for the prisoners of the ?
what was the first anniversary of the quake ?
what is the name of the museum that has been frozen in time after the three days of the quake ?
how many concerts were held to commemorate the victims of the quake's victims? how many concerts were ?
what did china's government remind people of ?
what did people donated after the 2008 earthquake help people donated to china after the 2008 earthquake ?
who donated the chinese government the money donated through text messaging on mobile phones ?
where did people start to send people to china after the earthquake ?
what did people do after the 2008 earthquake ?
what sort of stalls were established after the earthquake ?
what type of messaging was used to help raise the money to help raise the chinese people to raise money ?
how much did china give to the chinese government for earthquake relief? how much did china give to the ?
how many tents did the red cross society of china's red cross society of china's red ?
how many quilts did the red cross society of china's red cross society have how many quilt ?
how much were the fur and money that the red cross society of china's quilts valued at ?
where were the red cross society's tents from china's red cross society of china ?
how many tents were given to the refugees? how many tents were given to refugees ?
who flew 557 tents and 2, 500 quilts from which group flew 557 tents ?
how much has the amity foundation earmarked for relief ?
how many tents were given to the refugees? how many tents were given to refugees ?
who have the sichuan ministry of civil aid have the sichuan ministry of civil aid provided to whom have the ?
who started relief work in wenchuan county ?
how many engineered schools were destroyed in the sichuan earthquake? how many people died in the sichuan earthquake ?
what is the catch phrase of the chinese citizens'phrase ?
what kind of schoolrooms were spared from the sichuan earthquake, what type of schoolrooms were spared from ?
how many people in sichuan died in the earthquake? how many people in sichuan died in the sichuan earthquake ?
what is the catch phrase of the chinese citizens'phrase ?
what can illegal children be considered to be under 18 years of age for their dead siblings under 18 years ?
what special program did cctv host on may 18 ?
who was the cctv program called ?
how much money did the cctv - 1 bring to the cctv - 1 ?
how much money did hong kong give to the victims of the ke cable - related program did hong kong ?
what was the name of the music video program that was featured on the music video alongside hong kong ' ?
what was the name of the special program that was broadcasted on the evening of may 18? what ?
how much chinese yuan donations were about how much money did the chinese yuan raise in donations? how much ?
who hosted the giving of love program ?
how much money did hong kong give to the victims of the ke cable - related program did hong kong ?
what was the name of the music video program that was featured on the music video alongside hong kong ' ?
what is the name of the world's first time the chinese media had lived up to international standards ?
what was the major focus of the chinese government during cyclone nargis? what was the major focus ?
how has the chinese media in china changed from the original broadcast to the sichuan earthquake? has the chinese ?
which newspaper called the china media coverage of the sichuan earthquake " democratic "? who called the china media ?
what event was the previous major event in burma that occurred during the 2007 burma earthquake ?
what did the resulting flooding cause behind the blockages that resulted from the huge landslides caused by the ?
how many lakes had formed in 2008 due to earthquake damage blocked and damming rivers in 2008? how ?
how many of the 34 lakes were estimated to be of the danger to people from damming rivers in ?
how much did the earthquake cause the magnitude of the earthquake ?
what caused the banks of rivers to become blocked ?
what did the resulting flooding cause behind the blockages that resulted from the huge landslides caused by the ?
how many lakes had formed in 2008 due to earthquake damage blocked and damming rivers in 2008? how ?
who had to be evacuated due to the cause of the cause of the cause of the damming rivers ?
where is the most difficult precarious of the mountain ranges located ?
how were the most difficult terrain accessible to mount tangjia accessible by the mount tangjia accessible by the ?
what type of vehicles were brought to the eastern bloc ?
how many people fled from mianyang to the dam from the dam ?
what was the main reason for the deaths of the people evacuated from mianyang ?
what mountain range is the most difficult terrain in china ?
where is mount tangjia located ?
how many soldiers arrived at site by foot, how many troops arrived at site by foot ?
who declared a three day period of national mourning for the quake victims ?
what did the state council declare a three day period of ?
who was the first person to see the mourning of the quake victims ?
when did the state council declare a three day period of national mourning for the three days of the quake ?
what cars and trucks were affected by the 2008 earthquake ?
how long did the state council declare a national mourning for the quake victims ?
what was the name of the beijing relay ?
who organized the beijing olympic torch relay ?
what was the name of the relay committee that announced that the relay was suspended ?
where was the relay supposed to take place ?
what was the route of the relay ?
where did the next leg start ?
what color were the websites converted to ?
what did the internet remove from their homepages? what did the internet remove from their homepage ?
what is a name of some entertainment websites that were shut down in china? what is one of the ?
what did the people of china do during the korean war ?
what website closed down in macau ?
who was the principal of sangzao middle school ?
what is ye zhiping credited with ?
how many students attended the sangzao middle school ?
how much money did ye zhiping receive from the county education department ?
who was the principal of sangzao middle school ?
ye zhiping was ye zhiping the principal of ?
what is ye zhiping the largest county in china ?
how long did ye zhiping oversaw overhaul of the school ?
why have chinese prosecutors joined an investigation on may's impact with may's impact with may ' ?
what was carried out after the earthquake ?
who has joined the official inquiry into the collapsed schools ?
what do chinese prosecutors plans to investigate ?
where were safety checks made after the safety checks were made after the safety checks were made after the safety ?
who reported in june of 2009 ?
what did the new york times refuse to allow parents to sign a document that forbade the people from holding ?
what type of people broke up protests by parents? who broke up protests by parents ?
who said they are investigating the collapses ?
what was the official response to the petition that the government allowed parents to sign a document that would allow ?
what did the new york times refuse to allow parents to sign a document that forbade the people from holding ?
what was the threat to people who refused to sign a document that allowed parents to sign people from holding ?
why did chinese news media stop reporting on the public's reaction to the complaints ?
who was detained on june 25, 2008 for " disseminating rumors and destroying social order " about ?
what was liu shaokun's family told about liu shaokun ?
what was liu shaokun's occupation ?
what was liu shaokun contacted about the sichuan earthquake ?
how did liu shaokun do with the media, according to liu shaokun, how did ?
how did liu shaokun express his anger at the shoddy tofu - dregs buildings ?
how long was liu shaokun ordered to serve through labor ?
when was tan zuoren's article written in relation to his prison sentence was written ?
when did the standard report tan zuoren attempt to document shoddy construction attempt occur in hong kong ?
what was said to have caused the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction of the construction ?
what did china report to china about the international community? what did china report to in may of 2012 ?
what did foreign nations and organizations offer to foreign nations and organizations respond to the foreign earthquakes ?
when did china formally request the support of china's assistance in the international community respond to the international ?
who addressed the international community to respond to the response to the international community to respond to the response to ?
why did foreign nations and organizations respond to the foreign disaster ?
how much did houston rockets center yao ming give to houston rockets center yao ming ?
how much has the red cross society of china donated donations to the red cross society of china ?
how much money was donated by the chinese public by may 14 ?
who donated the yuan to the government? who donated the yuan to the ministry of civil affairs that was ?
who is houston rockets center ?
how much has the national institute of china donated donations to the red cross society of china? how much ?
how did the international federation of the chinese rescue effort feel about the chinese rescue efforts in burma considered to ?
what quality of the natural disaster did china think burma was open to the international federation of the red cross ?
what type of response to the response to the burmese response to the burmese disaster was the response to the ?
how long did the chinese government continue to support burma before the earthquake ?
who praised the chinese rescue efforts for the chinese rescue effort in beijing ?
what did mainland chinese television stations replace their cancelled programs with after the broadcast of the tc broadcast of mainland ?
what broadcast did the chinese broadcast of the weather broadcasts from what broadcast di broadcasted after the earthquake ?
what did the pay television channels do with regards to pay television channels? what happened to the pay television ?
which country's military junta blockaded aid during cyclone nargis ?
what was the result of the relationship between the chinese government and the chinese government following the commercial quake incident ?
what was the chinese government initially praised for ?
what have some parents accused local officials of doing to the people of china? what have some parents accused ?
what did the people complained they had been unable to receive what type of reports of damage from the earthquake ?
what did censors deny the claims of the quake's crash caused the censors to ?
what has largely ignored the media that has largely ignored the media that has largely ignored the media that has ?
who's instructions were supposedly under whose instructions are reported to be under whose instructions are reported to be ?
who reported on the media that was reported to be ignored ?
why are the buildings constructed ?
what did builders replace steel rods with for concrete re - inforcement ?
who did local com say was not check to see if it met the national standards ?
who has not been brought to justice ?
who is still seeking compensation and justice for the nation who lost their child ?
what threat did the government warn the parents of parents of the claims of the claims of the claims of ?
what newspaper reported on the warn that parents were warned not to stage a protest against the government ?
what do many families who lose ?
what is the most populous urban city in the us ?
what is the most populous urban city in the us ?
what is the most populous urban city in the us ?
what is the most populous urban city in the us ?
what is the most populous city in the us? what is the most populous city in new york ?
what is the most populous city in the us? what is the most populous city in new york ?
how many boroughs make up new york city? how many boroughs are in new york city ?
when was new york city consolidated into a single city ?
what is the population of new york city in 2014 ?
how many square miles is new york city's land mass is over how many square miles ?
how many residents live in new york city ?
how many boroughs make up new york city? how many boroughs are in new york city ?
what boroughs were consolidated in 1898 ?
when was new york city consolidated into a single city ?
what is the population of new york city in 2014 ?
how many languages are spoken in new york city? how many languages are spoken in new york city ?
what was new york city renamed in 1626 ?
new york was the first trading post in new york city ?
what year did new york serve as the capital of the united states ?
when did new york city take over new york city ?
what year did new york serve as the capital of the united states ?
what year did new york city first establish its founding ?
in what year was new york city named new amsterdam ?
when did new york city take over new york city ?
what year did new york serve as the capital of the united states ?
how many tourists visited new york city in 2014? how many tourists visited new york city in 2014 ?
how many stations are in operation in the world's largest metro system in the world ?
what is the name of the financial district located in new york city ?
how many colleges and universities are in new york city's higher education network ?
what are the two largest stock exchanges in the world ?
what island was removed from the ice sheet that would eventually split from long island ?
during what event was new york city situated at the edge of the ice sheet at the edge of the ?
what was the new york city region at the edge of new york city during the wisconsinan gla ?
what was the name of the native americans'homeland is the lenape's homeland ?
when was the first documented european visit by giovanni da verrazzano ?
who first first european to visit new york harbor in 1524 ?
what ship was the name of the ship that was the first known ship to have a european first visit ?
for what country did da verrazzano claim the new york harbor was named new york harbor ?
what was the name of the area for france that did da verrazzano name new angou ?
when was the first documented european visit by giovanni da verrazzano ?
what ship was the name of the ship that was the first known ship to have a european first visit ?
for what country did da verrazzano claim the new york harbor was named new york harbor ?
when did the spanish arrive in new york harbor ?
who led the spanish expedition to new york harbor ?
what was the nationality of captain estevao gomes ?
who led the spanish expedition to new york harbor ?
what was the name of the spanish ship, the caravel ?
what was the name of the american - spanish name for the river that traveled to new york harbor ?
what was the first map to show the north american east coast that was the first map to show north ?
which english explorer first discovered new york harbor ?
what was the name of the company that sailed to new york harbor for the east india company's ?
when did hudson first reach new york harbor ?
how many days did hudson explore the new york region for his first time on the hudson river ?
what name did hudson travel to new york harbor to travel to new york harbor ?
what was the name of the company that sailed to new york harbor for the east india company's ?
when did hudson first reach new york harbor ?
which english explorer first discovered new york harbor ?
what was juan rodriguez born in ?
what was the name of the non - native american inhabitant of what was juan rodriguez transliterated to ?
what was juan rodriguez's occupation ?
what is broadway named after ?
during what season did juan rodriguez arrive in manhattan? during what season did juan rodriguez arrive in manhattan ?
who was the first non - native american inhabitant of what was the first non - native american inhabit ?
what streets were named juan rodriguez way ?
what was the name of the island that was colonized to be new york's oldest settlement in ?
what was the name of the island built on new amsterdam on what island was built in 1625 ?
when was new amsterdam built ?
who was the dutch colonial director - general of new york ?
when did peter minuit purchase the land for 60 guilders ?
when did new york first have european presence in new netherland ?
when was new amsterdam built ?
what was the name of the beads that manhattan purchased from the dutch trading settlement in new york ?
what was the name of new york city ?
what was the name of the duke of york's modern name was new york ?
who surrendered new amsterdam to the english in 1664 ?
what position did peter stuyvesant hold in the colony of new netherland's position ?
in what year did peter stuyvesant surrender new amsterdam to the english ?
who surrendered new amsterdam to the english in 1664 ?
what king was the new orange king of new york's new orange king ?
when did the dutch take new york from england ?
what was the new name of new york from england ?
in what year did the dutch return the island from england ?
what dutch captain took over new york from england ?
from what country did the dutch colonist take new york from ?
what king was the new orange that was named new orange ?
the english gained new york in which war ?
what was the population of the lenape population at the end of 1700, how many native american people ?
what was the name of the indonesian island acquired new york from the english ?
what was the population of the lenape population at the end of 1700, how many native american people ?
the english gained new york in which war ?
what percentage of households were holding slaves in new york in 1730 ?
what other city in north carolina was more of a center of slavery than other city in north carolina ?
near what area was the federal courthouse built in the 1990s ?
what was built near foley square in the 1990s ?
what other city in north carolina was more of a center of slavery than other city in north carolina ?
in what decade was there a new york historical location for african burial ground in foley square discovered to have ?
when was john peter zenger's trial in manhattan ?
where was peter zenger's trial held ?
in what year was columbia university founded ?
who founded columbia university ?
what was columbia university founded under king george ii's charter ?
who was the trial in 1735 ?
in what year was columbia university founded ?
where did congress meet in october 1765 ?
what is the name of the largest battle of the american revolutionary war fought in the borough of brooklyn ?
what modern - day borough was fought in 1776 ?
when was the battle of long island fought ?
how many people escaped slaves crowded into new haven during the british occupation of new haven by the british in ?
when did the british take the continental union from the revolutionary war ?
what is the name of the largest battle of the american revolutionary war fought in the revolutionary war ?
what modern - day borough was fought in 1776 ?
when did the british take the continental union from the revolutionary war ?
when did the battle take place ?
which british general attempted to resolve the issues with the issues with the issues with the surrender of the union ?
what was the name of the major fire that took place just before the invasion of new york, which ?
what was the west side of new york's west side of new york's west side of ?
what was destroyed in the great fire of new york ?
which british general attempted to resolve the issues with the issues with the issues with the surrender of the union ?
what was the name of the great fire that took place just before the british occupation of new york ?
in what year did the assembly of the congress of the confederation make new york the national capital ?
who was the first president of the united states in 1789 ?
where was the u. s.'s bill of rights drafted on wall street ?
on what street was the u. s.'s bill of rights drafted on what street was the ?
what was the largest city in the us by 1790 ?
what was the name of the body that made new york the national capital ?
what was new york's national capital ?
when was george washington inaugurated ?
what year did new york pass philadelphia as the largest city in the us ?
when was new york state's abolition act ?
where did a large population of free black people begin to move to free - black population gradually developed ?
what was the name of the united states'founder was also the founder of the united states? who ?
when was slavery abolished in new york state ?
what was the population of new york's black population in 1840 ?
when was new york state's abolition act ?
when was slavery abolished in new york state ?
what was the name of the plan that was adopted by the city in 1811 ?
when was the erie canal completed ?
what was the name of the political machine supported by irish and german immigrants ?
what is tammany hall ?
when was the erie canal completed ?
what was the first landscaped park in new york that was the first landscaped park in new york ?
what year was the first landscaped park in new york created ?
what kind of park was the first park in new york that was created in 1857 ?
what event brought a large amount of irish immigrants to new york ?
how many irish people lived in new york in 1860? how many irish people were living in new york ?
how much of new york's population was under the great irish famine in 1860 ?
in 1860 what percentage of new york's population was germans in 1860 ?
what type of social changes were made in the german provinces in new york from the german provinces in new ?
what event brought a large amount of irish immigrants to new york ?
how many irish people lived in new york in 1860 ?
who called on the aldermen to declare independence from albany ?
how much did the new conscription laws allow wealthier men to pay to help pay for the labor force ?
what was the most visible race of the black people in the draft riots of 1863 ?
how many people were killed in the january 2001 riots ?
how many people were placed below by the time of the black population in manhattan below what population by 1865 ?
what was burned to the ground in the american civil war ?
when was new york formed ?
when was the subway opened ?
what was new york's county of new york ?
when was the subway opened ?
in what year did the steamship general slocum capture fire in the east river ?
how many people were killed on board the steamship general slocum's ship was sunk in the ?
what was the name of the factory that took the life of the city's worst industrial disaster in ?
how many garment workers died in the triangle shirtwaist factory bombing? how many garment workers died in ?
what movement helped to grow the triangle shirtwaist factory movement helped grow the triangle shirtwaist factory ?
what was the name of the great industrial disaster in 1911 ?
what was new york's non - white population in 1890 ?
what movement in the 20th century flourished during prohibition ?
what was new york's non - white population in 1890 ?
new york passed the most populous urbanized area in the world over which city ?
new york became the first what in human history ?
who was elected mayor of new york in the great depression ?
how many years did tammany hall lose political dominance after how many years of political dominance did tam ?
new york became the first what in human history ?
when was the united nations headquarters completed ?
new york became the center of the art world after world war ii ?
new york's rise to the center of art began to become more prominent in new york's ?
what was the name of the headquarters completed in 1952 ?
where did the stonewall riots take place in the early morning hours of the stonewall riots? where ?
where is the stonewall inn located ?
when did the stonewall riots take place ?
where was the stonewall protests held in the stonewall protests ?
what did the stonewall riots take place in the stonewall riots? what did the stonewall riots ?
where were the stonewall riots held? where were the stonewall riots held ?
in what year did new york's population reach high - end in new york ?
in what year did new york's population rise from the 2000 census to new york's population ?
what new haven district was the key new haven district in the 1970s ?
in what decade did new york's crime rate begin to rise from the 1970s to what decade did ?
in what decade did new york cities experience job losses due to industrial restructuring in new york city ?
in what decade did new york cities experience job losses due to industrial restructuring in new york city ?
which airlines crashed into the north tower of the world trade center and united airlines flight 175 into the south ?
what aircraft into the south tower of the world trade center was destroyed by air force air into the south ?
how many firefighters died in the bombing? how many firefighters died in the bombing? how many firefighters died ?
when did the world trade center's world trade center station open ?
how tall is the new one world trade center's spire reach the world trade center's spire ?
what year was the world trade center path station destroyed ?
how many terrorists were killed in the october 11 attacks? how many terrorists were killed in the october 11 ?
which airlines crashed into the north tower of the world trade center and united airlines flight 175 into the south ?
when did the occupy wall street protests begin in zuccotti park ?
where did the occupy wall street protests take place ?
what is zuccotti park located in ?
what district of lower manhattan is zuccotti park located in ?
when did the occupy wall street protests begin in zuccotti park ?
who founded the national review? who founded the national review ?
when was the national review ?
who was the most recent candidate to win the washington state primary ?
what political party was bush in 2016 ?
what part of the us is new york city located in ?
what part of new york state is new york city located in ?
what is the name of the other major city located between washington d. c. between washington d. ?
what ocean feeds new york city's harbor ?
what river feeds into a naturally sheltered harbor ?
what river feeds into a naturally sheltered harbor ?
what ocean does new york city's harbor later feeds into ?
what are the names of the three major islands of new york city built on new york city ?
what us state is new york city sepel the city from new york, new york, and new ?
what is the only remaining river in new york city ?
what is the only remaining river in new york ?
where does the hudson river flow through the hudson valley ?
what is the name of the river between new york city and new york, new york, and new ?
what us state is new york city sepel the city from new york, new york, and new ?
what is the only non - native river in new york ?
what is the only remaining river in new york city ?
what was the name of the city that was reclamation in the 1970s and 1980s ?
how many square miles of the city is in square miles ?
how much of the city of boston is made up of water and 304. how much of the city ?
how much of the city of boston is made up of how much of the city of boston in square ?
what is the highest point in the city of staten island's highest point ?
where is the highest point in the city of staten island ?
how many square miles of the city is in square miles ?
how much of the city of boston is made up of water and 304. how much of the city ?
how much of the city of boston is made up of how much of the city of boston in square ?
what is the highest point in the city of staten island's highest point ?
how tall is todt hill ?
what is the oldest building in new york that is baroque revival ?
in what borough of new york is the oldest building in new york's history is the oldest building ?
what is the most expensive new york's modern building is the oldest building in new york ?
what borough is the building at ground zero located in ?
what was the oldest style of building in new york's history ?
what is the most expensive new york's modern building is the oldest building in new york ?
how many floors does new york city have the most impressive buildings in new york city ?
what is the tallest building in london ?
how many completed buildings were at least 330 feet tall in 2011? how many completed buildings were in new ?
when was the woolworth building constructed ?
how many completed buildings are in new york city as of 2011? how many completed buildings are in new ?
what is the tallest building in london ?
how many completed buildings were at least 330 feet tall in 2011? how many completed buildings were in new ?
when was the empire state building built ?
what style of architecture was the chrysler building considered to be in 1930 ?
which floor are the eagle at the chrysler building distinctive ornamentation is often featured on the chrysler building ?
what is the name of the international style in 1957 ?
who awarded the conde nast building an award for its design ?
what is distinctive ornamentation at the 61st floor of the chrysler building ?
when was the empire state building built ?
when was the art deco style of the chrysler building constructed ?
where is riverdale located ?
where is ditmas park located ?
what is douglaston ?
when did the brownstone rowhouses and brownstone rowhouses and houses of new york's wealthy ?
what is a style of architecture that is often used in modern style in new york's neoclassical style ?
what is the name of the elegant residential districts of new york's residential districts are typically characterized by ?
what event caused the stone and brick constructed with stone and brick to be constructed with stone and brick to ?
how many stories tall were the buildings in the neighborhood built in the 1800s? how many stories tall were ?
what neighborhood became a part of the garden apartments in the 1920s ?
what materials were used to build the city's building materials of choice after the great fire of 1835 ?
what is a distinctive feature of many of detroit's buildings are distinctive ?
when was seismic hazard revealed for seismic hazard in new york city ?
how many boroughs are among the boroughs ?
how many boroughs are in new york city? how many boroughs are in new york city ?
what are the other boroughs ?
what type of climate classification does new york city have ?
how many days with at least some sunshine does the city get on average 24 % of the city ' ?
how many hours of sunshine does the city get per year on new york city's average annual sunshine ?
what climate classification does new york city fall under ?
what is the coldest month in new york city ?
what type of climate classification does new york city have ?
how many days with at least some sunshine does the city get on average 24 % of the city ' ?
what plant hardiness zone does new york city fall under ?
what mountain range protects the city from the cold and damp conditions from cooling ?
what is the mean coldest month in seattle? what is the average coldest month in seattle ?
what is the average humidity level in seattle ?
how many days each summer do daytime temperatures exceed ?
what was the range of extreme temperatures in boston in the coldest month in boston? what was the ?
what was the coldest cold in boston in 1934? what was the coldest cold in boston in ?
what was the first coldest year in the seattle area in what year was the first coldest year ?
in what year did temperatures reach 90 degrees celsius in degrees celsius in degrees cels ?
how much precipitation does new york receive on average in the millenials of precipitation in the city each ?
what is the average snowfall between 1981 and 2010 ?
when did hurricane sandy occur in new york city ?
how much precipitation does new york receive on average in inches of precipitation in the city each year? how ?
what caused the storm surge to new york city on october 29, 2012 ?
what was the average snowfall between 1981 and 2010 in new york, what is the average snowfall in the ?
what is the name of the department that looks to the city of new york's parks and historic ?
what is the name of the new york museum of new york's museum of new york museum of ?
what is the name of the service operated by what entity runs the complex park system of new york city ?
what city is the largest city in the us ?
what city ranked second in population rankings for public land in 2013 ?
what city is the largest city in the us ?
how many acres are in gateway national recreation area ?
over how many acres of land is included in gateway national recreation area? how many acres of land is ?
what park is located in the gateway national recreation area ?
name a park in queens park is part of the western rockaway peninsula ?
what is the name of the wildlife refuge in brooklyn ?
how many acres of land is included in gateway national recreation area? how many acres of land is included ?
who manages the statue of liberty national monument and ellis island immigration museum managed by whom ?
what is the name of the general grant national memorial ?
where is the stonewall inn located ?
what movement was the stonewall inn the catalyst for the modern movement ?
who manages the statue of liberty national monument and ellis island immigration museum managed by whom ?
what state are the statue of liberty national monument and ellis island immigration museum located in ?
what state are the statue of liberty national monument and ellis island immigration museum located in ?
what is the name of the landmark that is listed as a historical landmark in greenwich village as the catalyst ?
what is the name of the general grant national memorial ?
how many state parks are within the state parks within the state parks within the state parks within the state ?
how many acres is riverbank state park ?
how much distance does riverbank state park rise in meters over the hudson river? how far does river ?
how many state parks are within the state parks within the state parks within the state parks within the state ?
how much does riverbank state park rise over the hudson river? how much does riverbank state park ?
how many acres of municipal parkland does new york city own over how many acres of land? how ?
how many miles of public beaches does new york city have over how many miles of public beaches ?
what is the largest park in new york city ?
how many acres are in pelham bay park ?
how many acres of municipal parkland does new york city have? how many acres of land is new ?
how many miles of public beaches does new york city have over how many miles of public beaches ?
what is the largest park in new york city ?
how many acres are in pelham bay park ?
what is the name of the us military's only active military installation in new york city ?
when was fort hamilton established ?
what is the name of the city where fort hamilton was established ?
what division does fort hamilton serve as headquarters of the us army corps of engineers ?
what is the name of the air force that is located at fort hamilton ?
what is the name of the us military's only active military installation in new york city ?
when was fort hamilton established ?
what is the name of the city where fort hamilton was established ?
what is the name of the city where fort totten is located ?
what is the population of new york city in 2014 ?
what is the name of the city of new york city ?
how many residents did new york city have between april 2010 and july 2014 ?
what percentage of new york city's population is new york city's population ?
what percentage of new york city's population is new york city's population ?
what is the population of new york city in 2014 ?
what is the name of the city of new york city ?
what percentage of new york city's population is from new york state's population ?
what was the population density of new york city in 2014 ?
what is the bronx's population density ?
new jersey is more dense than new jersey in terms of population density, new jersey is more dense than ?
what percentage of the city's population in 2010 was white ?
what percentage of the city's population in 2010 was white ?
what group was the largest population in the city of boston in 2010 ?
what percentage of the city's population is hispanic ?
what percentage of the city's population in 2010 was white ?
what percentage of the city's population in 2010 was white ?
what event in the united states marked the decline of the black population in the first time ?
what group was the largest population in the city of boston in 2010 ?
what percentage of the city's population in 2010 was white ?
how many european immigrants were received at ellis island between 1892 and 1924? how many european immigrants were received ?
what part of the city was the " melting pot " originally located on ?
what was the largest immigrant group in richmond in 1900 ?
in 1940, whites represented what percentage of the city's population in 1940 ?
along with jews and italians, jews, jews, and jews, what was the second largest immigrant group ?
how many european immigrants were received at ellis island between 1892 and 1924? how many european immigrants were received ?
how many immigrants were received at ellis island between the years between 1924 and 1924? how many immigrants were ?
what percentage of the city's population is foreign born ?
what is the largest foreign born individuals in new york in 2011 ?
how many people lived in the bangladeshi immigrant population in 2013 ?
what country has the largest amount of foreign born people in new york in 2011 ?
what percentage of the city's population is foreign born ?
what is the name of the largest asian american population in new york city ?
what is the name of the original chinatown in new york ?
what percentage of new york city was chinese in 2012 ?
what is the name of the largest asian american population in new york city ?
what percentage of new york city's population is japanese ?
how many non - hispanic white people lived in new york city in 2012 ?
how many people live in houston ?
how many polish americans live in new york city ?
how many people live in chicago ?
where do most albanian americans live in the city ?
how many non - hispanic white people lived in new york city in 2012 ?
how many people live in the new york metropolitan area? how many people live in new york city ?
how many jews live in the new york region in 2012 ?
what percentage of the united states'population is in the metropolitan area ?
how many hispanics live in new york city? how many hispanics live in new york city ?
how many established chinatowns are in new york city? how many established chinatowns within new york city ?
how much did the population increase from puerto rican to new york city in 2013 ?
besides jamaica, haiti, jamaica, haiti, jamaica, haiti, jamaica, haiti, jamaica, haiti ?
besides ghana, ghana, ghana, ghana, ghana, ghana, ghana, ghana, ghana, ghana ?
besides honduras and guatemala, what is one of the top source countries from america to america ?
besides colombia, guyana, peru, colombia, guyana, peru, colombia, guyana, peru, and ?
what is the population of new york's new york metropolitan area population ?
when were same - sex marriages in new york legalized on new york's new york metropolitan area ?
how many days thereafter were same - sex marriages in new york made possible in how many days thereafter ?
what is the population of new york's new york metropolitan area population ?
when were same - sex marriages in new york legalized on new york's new york metropolitan area ?
how many days thereafter were same - sex marriages in new york made possible in how many days thereafter ?
what percent of new york's population is christian ?
what percent of new york's population is catholic ?
how many jews were in new york city in 2014 jews in new york city? how many jews were ?
in what borough of new york city are half of the jews in new york city ?
what religion ranks third in new york city ?
what is the most prevalent religion in new york ?
what is the second - most prevalent religion in new york ?
in what borough of new york city are half of the jews in new york city ?
what percent of new york residents self - identified with no religious affiliation in 2014 ?
what religion ranks third in new york city ?
what is new york city's gini coefficient ?
what borough of new york city has a high degree of income disparity between the gini coefficient ?
what former mayor of new york city had the highest number of billionaires in the world ?
what percentage of the population of new york city's population in 2014 was new york city's ?
what was the average weekly wage in new york county in 2014 ?
what was the average weekly wage in new york county in 2014 ?
what city has a high level of income disparity in income disparity ?
new york metonymous for new york's broad - spectrum high technology sphere is new york ' ?
what published new york city's first global economic power index published by what location was the first global ?
in what year was new york's record cargo volume in new york's history volume in the ?
in what year did new york's first global economic power index rank was new york city ranked in ?
how many private sector jobs in new york are foreign companies in new york city ?
new york city ranked new york city in what magazine ranked new york city in 2013 ?
what was the total value of all new york city property in dollars for the billion of all new york ?
what was the market value of time warner center in 2006 ?
how much did 450 park avenue sell per square foot for in us dollars, how much did 450 park ?
how much did the land was worth in dollars in dollars in dollars in dollars in dollars, how much ?
how many of the top zip codes were in manhattan in 2014? how many of the top zip codes ?
what is the name of the property with the highest - listed market value in new york city ?
what was the street address of the june 2007 sale of what street was set to be the street address ?
what is the street address of new york city's downtown area known as ?
how many employees are provided by the fashion industry? how many employees are provided by the fashion industry ?
how much annual wages does the city's fashion industry provide wages for the city's fashion industry ?
what group was the largest advertising agency in the city of new york city in 2013 ?
how many employees are provided by the fashion industry? how many employees are provided by the fashion industry ?
what are the names of the two major advertising agencies in manhattan in 2013 ?
how many residents are employed in food processing? how many residents are employed in food processing ?
how much is the industry that employs more than 19, 000 people in food processing employ more than 19 ?
what is the city's garment industry is becoming more prominent in the city's garment industry ?
how much does chocolate worth the world's largest export amount of dollars go each year ?
where was the chocolate district located ?
where is godiva headquartered ?
what is new york city's most famous - food export in new york ?
what is new york city's most famous - food export in new york ?
what is the name of the world's largest chocolatiers still exists in new york, ?
how many jobs did the securities industry attract in august 2013 ?
what percentage of the city's private sector jobs were accounted for by what percentage of the city ' ?
how much revenue does new york city's tax revenue fall to in terms of tax revenue ?
what is the average salary of new york city's average salary in the federal employed in the city ?
what percentage of the city's wages are from the bronx's tax revenue in 2013? what ?
what industry is known as wall street ?
where is lower manhattan's new york stock exchange is located? where is lower manhattan's new ?
where is the nasdaq located? where is the nasdaq ?
how much did investment fees in wall street totaled in 2012 ?
how much revenue did wall street's securities industry produce in new york state's tax revenue in ?
who offered the london interbank's property from new york stock exchange ?
where is lower manhattan's new york stock exchange is located? where is lower manhattan's new ?
where is the nasdaq located? where is the nasdaq ?
how many square feet of office space did manhattan contain over 500 million square feet of office space in detroit ?
how many million square feet of space did midtown manhattan have in square feet of space in square feet of ?
how much space did manhattan contain over how much space did manhattan contain over how much space in detroit in ?
where is silicon alley located ?
where is verizon communications headquartered ?
how much did verizon communications complete a completed fiberoptic telecommunications upgrade in 2014? how much ?
how many tech sector employed in new york city in 2014? how many tech sector employees were employed in ?
how many tech sector employed in new york city in 2014? how many tech sector employees were employed in ?
what is the name of the new york city's second billion graduate school of applied sciences was chosen ?
how much did cornell tech build a graduate school of applied sciences ?
where is cornell tech located ?
how much had eli lilly raised by mid - 2014 ?
how many square kilometers is the alexandria center for life science ?
what is the name of the graduate school of applied sciences ?
how many tourists visited new york in 2011? how many tourists visited new york in 2011 ?
how many tourists visited new york in 2013? how many tourists visited new york in 2013 ?
how many million tourists visited new york city in 2014? how many tourists visited new york city in 2014 ?
how much economic impact did tourism generate in 2014 ?
how many million tourists visited new york city in 2014? how many tourists visited new york city in 2014 ?
how many tourists visited new york in 2013? how many tourists visited new york in 2013 ?
what is the name of the ad slogan and name of the city's logo and name of new ?
when was i love new york first used to promote tourism in new york ?
who owns the trademarked logo of new york state's trademarked logo ?
what is the name of the ad slogan and name of the city's logo and name of new ?
when was i love new york first used to promote tourism in new york ?
what is the name of the ad slogan and name of the city's logo and name of new ?
where is the halloween parade held ?
which thanksgiving day parade is the thanksgiving day parade ?
what is the name of the center that is a major tourist destination ?
where is the free performances in central park? where is the free performances in central park? where is ?
what is the unisphere outside manhattan park ?
how many hotel rooms were estimated to be in manhattan's hotel at the end of 2014? how ?
what percentage increase in hotel rooms from 2013 to 2014 was the increase in hotel rooms from 2013 to 2014 ?
who purchased the waldorf astoria new york in october 2014 ?
how much did the al. s. pay for the waldorf astoria new york ?
what was the name of the world's largest hotel that was purchased by the anbang insurance group ?
how many hotel rooms were estimated to be in manhattan's hotel at the end of 2014? how ?
who purchased the waldorf astoria new york in october 2014 ?
how much did the al. s. pay for the waldorf astoria new york ?
how many feature films does new york produce each year ?
how many people are employed in new york city? how many people are employed in the united states by ?
how much revenue does nyc generate in direct expenditures in film production in 2012? how much revenue does nyc ?
what city was the top north american city for tv pilots in the 2013 / 2014 season of television pilots ?
what record label is based in new york? what record label is based in new york ?
what is the largest media market in north america ?
how many of the world's largest advertising agencies are based in new york ?
how many people are employed by the publishing industry in the city of new york ?
what is the name of the city's largest paper ?
what is the name of the city's second - largest paper in the united states ?
in what year was the new york times founded ?
who founded the new york times in 1801 ?
how many newspapers in the city have an office in new york ?
how many consumer magazines have an office in new york ?
how many newspapers in the city have an office in new york, how many newspapers have an office in ?
what are the names of the two major newspapers in new york ?
in what year was the new york times founded ?
along with abc, nbc, abc, nbc, abc, nbc, and nbc are based in new ?
what is the public broadcast service of new york's public broadcast service in new york ?
what is the name of a cable network based in new york ?
what cable network is based in new york ?
what is the oldest public television channel in the us ?
when was the manhattan neighborhood network founded ?
what is the city's major public television station ?
what is the largest public radio station in the us ?
when did wnyc cease publishing ?
what is the oldest public television channel in the us ?
when was the manhattan neighborhood network founded ?
what is the largest public radio station in the us ?
who runs the new york city public schools system ?
how many students serve in the new york city public schools ?
how many schools are in new york city? how many schools are in new york city's public ?
how many specialized high schools are in new york city's public school system ?
how many students serve in the new york city public schools ?
how many specialized high schools are in new york city's public school system ?
what group helps establish new charter schools ?
how many privately run secular schools are there in the city ?
how many students enroll in new york city? how many students enroll in new york city's higher ?
how many manhattan residents were college graduates in 2005 ?
how many manhattan residents have a postgraduate degree in new york city ?
how many institutions are in new york city ?
how many students enroll in new york city? how many students enroll in new york city's higher ?
what is the largest collection of public library systems in the us ?
who serves queens ?
who serves queens ?
which borough library serves brooklyn ?
what borough is the new york public library located in ?
what is the name of the corporation that runs the public hospitals and clinics in new york city ?
how many acute care hospitals does hhc operate ?
how much revenue does hhc attract each year ?
how many patients are served by hhc ?
how many uninsured residents are uninsured city residents ?
when was hhc created ?
how many nursing homes does hhc operate ?
what is the oldest hospital in the us ?
who is the president of hhc ?
what is the oldest hospital in the us ?
what is the oldest hospital in the us ?
who is the president of hhc ?
in what state did ramanathan raju, md live in hhc ?
what position did ramanathan raju, md, and other position in the cook county health system hold ?
how many sworn officers are in new york city's police system? how many sworn officers are in ?
what is the nickname given to the nypd by politicians, media, and politicians, the media, ?
what is the largest police force in the us ?
how many sworn officers are in new york city's police system? how many sworn officers are in ?
what is the nickname given to the nypd by politicians, media, and politicians, the media, ?
how many murders occurred in new york in 2014? how many murders occurred in 2014 ?
what was the rate of violent crime in new york city from 1993 to 2005? how much did violent ?
what was new york city's crime rate similar to new york city's crime rate in the ?
in what year did new york city record fewer than 500 homicides in new york city ?
how many murders occurred in new york in 2014? how many murders occurred in 2014 ?
what percentage of new york city's shooting rate in new york city in 2010 ?
what were the names of the new york city's first three points were in the five points of ?
who dominated new york city in the 20th century ?
what were the forty thieves and the forty thieves were the forty thieves and the forty thieves in the 1820s ?
what was the name of the gang that was linked to new york city in the 20th century ?
what is the largest city fire department in the world ?
what is the fdny ?
what is the fdny motto ?
what is the fdny ?
what is the largest city fire department in the world ?
how many uniformed firefighters are employed by the fdny ?
how many uniformed emts and paramedics are there uniformed emts and paramedics? how ?
what is the fdny motto ?
new york is one of the largest what in the world ?
what kind of fires does new york city see large parks and wooded areas ?
where is the fdny headquarters located ?
where is the fdny fire academy located ?
where is the fdny headquarters located ?
where is the fdny headquarters located ?
where is the fdny headquarters located ?
where is the fdny fire academy located ?
where is one office located ?
in what decade was the city known for jazz ?
in what decade did hip hop begin to become the birthplace of hip hop ?
what movement in new york began to emphasize the cultural movement that was associated with the cultural movement that was ?
what genre was the city known for in the 1940s ?
what movement was the city known for in the 1950's ?
what genre of music was the birthplace of what genre of music in new york in the 1970s ?
what is the dance capital of the world ?
what fashion event is one of the most preeminent fashion events in the world that attract the most ?
what is another name for abstract expressionism ?
what fashion event is one of the most preeminent fashion events in the world that attract the most ?
what group is responsible for the ranking of new york fashion capital in the world's list of the ?
in what decade did broadway show the broadway musical ?
how many art galleries are in new york city? how many art galleries are in new york city ?
in the 1880s what street in new york began featuring a new theater form in the 1880s known as the ?
what notable new york - based playwright was influenced by the broadway musical'seven seasons of art'and ?
how many arts and cultural organizations are in new york city? how many arts and cultural organizations are there ?
what modern technology led to the broadway musical ?
how many people were in attendance in 2013 - 2014 ?
what is the major thoroughfare that turns broadway into the times square theater district ?
how much did the broadway show sell in 2013 - 2014? how much did the broadway show sell in ?
what percentage of the broadway show's revenue was from us dollars to the broadway show's revenue ?
how many people were in attendance in 2013 - 2014 ?
how much did the attendance increase from 2012 - 2013 ?
how many restaurants are assigned letter grades for restaurants based upon inspection results ?
how many mobile food vendors are licensed by the city? how many mobile food vendors are licensed by the ?
how many restaurants are assigned letter grades for restaurants based upon inspection results ?
what department assigns letter grades to the city's restaurants ?
how many of the finest restaurants in the world are known for being the finest in the world ?
what year did the brooklyn dodgers first host professional sports ?
what are the most expensive stadiums in the world built in new york city ?
what are the names of the two most famous sports in new york ?
what year did the brooklyn dodgers first host professional sports ?
what is the name of the major sports teams in new york city ?
how many professional leagues are in new york? how many professional leagues are in new york city ?
how many major professional teams have played in new york city? how many major professional teams have played in ?
new york has been called the capital of what sport has new york been known as new york known as ?
how many major league baseball world series have there been how many major league baseball world series? how many ?
new york has been called the capital of what sport has new york been known as new york known as ?
how many baseball teams does new york have ?
how many major league baseball world series have there been how many major league baseball world series? how many ?
how many pennants have the winning pennants from the new york cubs have been the most recent major ?
how many baseball teams does new york have ?
how many times have the two nyc subway series been in the world series ?
what is the name of the series where the two new york city teams played each other in what series ?
where do the new york - jets play their home games of the new york - jets played their home ?
in what year did the super bowl take place at metlife stadium ?
what is the name of the nfl team that is the city represented by what nfl team is the city ?
where do the new york - jets play their home games of the new york - jets played their home ?
where is metlife stadium ?
what was the name of the super bowl held in new york, new york, and which super bowl ?
in what year did the super bowl take place at metlife stadium ?
what are the names of the new york rangers in the national hockey league ?
what is the name of the new jersey devils ?
where do the new york rangers play ?
what league do the new york rangers belong to ?
what is the name of the new york rangers? what is the name of the new york rangers ?
what are the names of the city's national basketball teams ?
what is the city's most successful female basketball team ?
in what year was the first national college - level basketball championship held in new york ?
what is the city's most successful female basketball team ?
what is the name of the first national college - level basketball championship ?
in what year was the first national college - level basketball championship held in new york ?
what is the name of the city's national basketball teams ?
what is the name of the national tennis center ?
what is the name of the annual event held at the wanamaker mile ?
what is the name of the last horse race held in boston ?
in what years did the city host the pga championships ?
where is the boxing golden gloves held each year? where is boxing held ?
what is the name of the national tennis center ?
what is one of the world's four grand slam tennis tournaments ?
how many finishers were in the 2006 u. s. open tennis championships in 2006? how many ?
what is the name of the annual event held at the wanamaker mile ?
where is the boxing golden gloves held each year? where is boxing held ?
what is a street version of baseball that was popularized by youths in the 1930s ?
what was the street in the bronx renamed in the late 2000s ?
where was stickball boulevard renamed in the late 2000s ?
what is the world's largest train system ?
how many stations are in the subway system ?
what is another nickname for grand central terminal ?
how many passengers ride the subway system in 2014? how many people ride the subway system in the western ?
what is another nickname for grand central terminal ?
how long does the average person spend how much of their day getting to work in new york city ?
what percentage of new york city's population is using mass transportation in 2005? what percentage of new ?
what percentage of manhattanites own a car ?
what percentage of new york city's residents commuted mass transportation in 2005 ?
what percentage of new york commuters drive automobiles to their workplace in new york city ?
how long does the average person spend how much of their day getting to work in new york city ?
what percentage of households in new york have cars ?
what percentage of manhattanites own a car ?
what is the name of the main intercity bus terminal of new york city ?
how many buses does the port authority bus terminal serve? how many buses does the port authority bus terminal ?
how many people travel daily from new york, the most people travel daily from new york, how many ?
what is the name of the main intercity bus terminal of new york city ?
what are the three busiest airports in the new york metropolitan area ?
what is the busiest airport in new york ?
what is the busiest airport in the us ?
near what new york city area is stewart international airport near ?
how many travelers used these three airports in 2012? how many travelers used these three airports in 2012 ?
what is the busiest ferry route in the world's largest ferry route ?
how many hours a day does the staten island ferry run? how many hours a day does the staten ?
how many kilometers long is the ferry route between staten island and lower manhattan? how many kilometers long is ?
what other major city is located on the staten island ferry route between staten island and what other major city ?
how many people travel on the staten island ferry line does the staten island ferry travel? how many people ?
what is the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge ?
what is the longest suspension bridge in the americas ?
what is an icon of the city itself ?
when did the brooklyn bridge open ?
what is the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge ?
what county does the george washington bridge connect to ?
what is the longest suspension bridge in the americas ?
what architectural style are the buildings in the brooklyn bridge architectural style ?
when did the brooklyn bridge open ?
what is the busiest tunnel in the world ?
when did the holland tunnel open ?
when was the queens - midtown tunnel completed ?
who was the first person to drive through the queens - midtown tunnel ?
how many vehicles travel on the lincoln tunnel each day? how many vehicles travel each day between new jersey ?
what is the name of the river that runs from new jersey to midtown manhattan ?
what is the name of the island linked to new york city's outer boroughs and new york city ?
what city is the holland tunnel connected to ?
who was the first person to drive through the queens - midtown tunnel ?
how many daily cyclists use new york's high rate of public transportation use the most daily cyclists in ?
how many daily cyclists use new york's high rate of public transportation use the most daily cyclists in ?
what percentage of all modes of travel in new york city is bicycle modes of travel in the city ?
who sponsored the bike share project in 2013 ?
who conducted research on new york's bike share project was conducted by which university in 2013 ?
what group named new york city the most walkable large city in the us ?
what is new york city's water supply protected by ?
what watershed protects new york city from drinking water ?
how much is being built to carry water to new york city's water plant is currently undergoing construction ?
how much water is delivered by how much water is delivered by how much water is delivered by how much ?
what percentage of new york city's water supply is how much more water is produced by the water ?
which side of new york city is undergoing construction of a large water purification plant in new york city ?
how many council members are in the city council ?
how many terms are in terms of terms of terms for city council terms? how many terms are in ?
how long are the terms for terms of terms for terms for mayor and council terms ?
how many council members are in the city council ?
how many terms are in terms of terms of terms for city council terms? how many terms are in ?
what is the code of local laws in new york city ?
how many terms are for terms of terms of terms for terms of terms of terms for city council terms ?
in the city of new york, what political party makes up the vast majority of new york voters are ?
what percentage of new york voters are in the city of new york in november 2008 ?
who was the first presidential candidate from new york city in 2012 ?
in what year did calvin coolidge win the five boroughs in new york city ?
who was the only republican presidential candidate from new york city in the statewide election in new york city ?
what party holds the majority of public offices in new york city ?
what percentage of new york voters are in the city of new york in november 2008 ?
in what year did calvin coolidge win the five boroughs in new york city ?
how many boroughs did calvin coolidge win in the mayoral race in 1924 ?
what political party has not carried new york city's city politics ?
how many licensed physicians were practicing in new york city in 2012 ?
where is the cornell medical college ?
how many nobel laureates have roots in new york city ?
how many people go to hhc facilities each year? how many people go to hhc facilities each ?
how many emergency room visits from the hhc facilities in hhc's facilities in hhc ' ?
how many patients go to clinic visits to new york patients in a year hhc's facilities provide ?
how much of all general hospital discharges at hhc's facility treatment in general hospital treatment ?
how much of emergency room visits from hhc's facility treat residents of the hhc facility ?
what pollution from automobile exhaust can cause the rise of crime in the mid - 20th century? what kind ?
what kind of epidemic is the end of the industrial decline in the population ?
who said culture is in the air in new york? who said culture is in the air in new ?
what institution showcased new york, culture capital of the world's cultural capital of the world's ?
what college described new york city as the cultural capital of new york city? what is the name of ?
new york city has been referred to by the diplomatic consulates of what foreign country is new york city ?
what side is lincoln center located on ?
what side is lincoln center located on ?
where is the lee strasberg theatre and film institute located ?
where is the tisch school of the arts ?
what park presents performances of free plays and music from a performance by the arts at new york university ?
what street runs from 82nd to 105th streets on the upper east side of manhattan ?
what part of manhattan is the museum mile located on ?
what year was the first new museum constructed on the mile since the guggenheim ?
when did the museum for african art open its doors at 110th street ?
what side of manhattan does museum mile run on ?
what is another name for new york's distinctive regional speech pattern is new york's distinctive regional ?
what character is known for using the english word archie bunker from the 1970s to modern era ?
who played the character archie bunker in the 1970s ?
what is the city name for new york's pronunciation of new york's city name ?
what is the name of the soccer team from new york city ?
where do the new york city fc play their home games ?
where is red bull arena located ?
what famous soccer player is from new york, the city of new york was the american home of the ?
what is the home of james m. shuart stadium ?
how much of the us's rail riders live in new york city? how much of the us ?
how many rail lines are in new york city ?
how many stations are in the rail system of new york city ?
what airport does the elevated airtrain people mover system connect to new york ?
what station is the combine rail system of new york city's subway system converges at grand central ?
what side is the pennsylvania station on the west side of the rail line ?
how many of the six rapid transit systems does the path consist of ?
what is the name of the train line that connects philadelphia to new york, the other six rapid transit ?
what is the other major rail line in new york ?
what is the name of the train that connects midtown and new york, lower manhattan, and new york ?
what is a prominent project currently being completed in new york, also a major project to expand multibill ?
how many yellow taxicabs are there in the taxicabs of the taxicab system ?
what is the aerial tramway that transports commuters between roosevelt island and what other island transport commuters between ?
what is one of the most famous for public transportation and advertising ?
along with theater, advertising, theater, advertising, theater, advertising, and advertising are used to rank ?
what is one of the other uses of street grid transportation in new york's street grid transportation is ?
which street is used for broadway, wall street, broadway, wall street, broadway, wall street, ?
what hour are most times where traffic jams are most frequently devoted to traffic jams typically devoted to ?
new york city borders new york city in what part of connecticut? what part of connecticut is connected by ?
what part of new york city is connected to new york city through web of expressways and parkways ?
queens and brooklyn are located at the west end of what island is new york city located at ?
where are queens and brooklyn located ?
what is the other borough in which new york city is located ?
the manhattan bridge and the verrazano - narrows bridge are examples of what type of architecture ?
what kind of architecture does the queensboro bridge belong to ?
how many cars were taxis in new york city in 2010? how many cars were taxis in new york ?
how much of new york's taxi fleet in service in new york city in terms of revenue, ?
how much did mayor bill de blasio want to reduce the city's greenhouse gas emissions between ?
what is the name of the city's famous green office building ?
what is the name of the landmark that the city was a petitioner for the city's petition ?
how long is newtown creek ?
how many gallons of spilled oil does newtown creek get in us gallons of spilled oil? how many gallons ?
what spill is one of the most contaminated industrial sites in the past that has contaminated newtown creek because of ?
what form of government has new york city had in the city ?
in what year was new york city's mayor - council form of government consolidation in new york city ?
which division of the federal government's brooklyn government department has a second - circuit of the brooklyn government ?
what borough has the first federal government body to hold the first supreme court ?
what kind of agencies are not part of the federal government's administrative courts ?
where is the city hall of new york's main courthouse located ?
what is new york's district court for ?
where is new york's main courthouse ?
what is the name of the new york area's main courthouse ?
where is the city hall of new york's main courthouse located ?
what is the city of new york's city ranking for political contributions are the most important source of ?
what is the top zip code on the upper east side of new york's upper east side ?
how much of the city's cents does new york receive in services for every $ 1 it sends ?
how much money does new york send to new york each year ?
how much money does new york receive from the federal government in taxes ?
what was the new york, new york, and new york city's sister city program in new ?
in what year was new york city's sister city program moved to new york city's sister ?
what year was to kill a mockingbird published ?
what award did to kill a mockingbird win ?
who wrote the novel to kill a mockingbird was the author of the novel to kill a mockingbird ?
who wrote the novel to kill a mockingbird was the author of the novel to kill a mockingbird ?
what year was to kill a mockingbird published ?
who did the fictional character's characters'lives are the fictional characters in the novel to kill a ?
where is the book widely taught in the united states widely taught ?
what type of novel is the book the protagonist uses to kill a mockingbird ?
what are the main themes of the book's main themes are the main themes of the book ' ?
what region of america is lee believed to have raised a mockingbird ?
what has the rise of mockingbird been challenged for using to kill a mockingbird ?
who wrote the book, " an astonishing phenomenon " is the name of the author who collected impressions of ?
in what year did british librarians rank the book ahead of the bible as one " every adult should ?
in what year was mulligan's version of the bible adapted into an oscar - winning film ?
in what year was the play based on the novel, the play, the novel, the play, ?
who adapted the bible into a film to adapt the bible in 1962 ?
which book did british librarians rank the book ahead of ?
who wrote the screenplay for robert mulligan's play, the bible is a screenplay for robert ?
who adapted the bible into a film to adapt the bible in 1962 ?
where is harper lee's birthplace city ?
when did lee's death mark lee's death mark lee's death mark lee's ?
what was the first novel to kill a mockingbird was the first novel to kill a mockingbird ?
what was the first novel to kill a mockingbird was the first novel to kill a mockingbird ?
when was to kill a mockingbird published ?
when did lee's death mark lee's death mark lee's death mark lee's ?
who did she get to know who was the famous writer of the united states? who was the old ?
what year did lee move to new york city ?
what position did elizabeth serve in the british overseas airways corporation? what position did elizabeth serve in the british ?
what state was monroeville located in ?
what year was harper lee born ?
who did she get to know who was the famous writer of the united states? who was the old ?
what was the name of the college that elizabeth attended in montgomery ?
where did elizabeth study law ?
who bought the paper from brown's book ?
what was the name of the manuscript finished before she finished the first draft of the manuscript after lippin ?
who wrote the manuscript that took off the first draft of " go set a watchman " known as ?
who took over writing the manuscript from which writer's hands was eventually taken over to the author ?
what illness did lee suffer from ?
what occupation did lee's father hold a position in the family? what occupation did lee's ?
who was the person who died two years after the publication of atticus'book, atticus ' ?
when was lee's book published ?
how long did lee write to kill a mockingbird? how long did lee write to kill a mocking ?
who chose the book to be copyrighted instead of reprinting the book to be copyrighted instead of ?
what was the fictional old town that the story takes place during the great depression ?
how many years did the story take place during the great depression ?
how many summers of friendship with dill and scout are there of the friendship between dill and scout ?
who is the boy that is named after a boy who visits maycomb to stay with his aunt each ?
what was the fictional old town that the story takes place during the great depression ?
what event took place during the story of maycomb, alabama, the seat of maycomb county ?
who lives with jem and his son, the story takes place during the great depression ?
who is the white woman who has been accused of raping tom robinson ?
who is the black man who has been accused of raping a young white woman ?
who throws the blame off the people who face off against the mob they throw out of atticus ' ?
who is not expected to be present at tom robinson's trial ?
from what direction does the color of the colored balcony on the main floor of the trial that is held ?
where does the outside of london's trial place the remains of jem, scout, and dill ?
what happened to the hapless tom's hapless tom's hapless tom ?
who does ewell attack while they walk home on a dark night after the school halloween pageant ?
what school do jem and scout walk home after the school does jem and scout walk home after ?
who does scout say is jem home ?
who is humiliated by the events of the trial ?
who does scout say is jem home ?
who discovered that bob ewell died during the fight ?
how does atticus accept the sheriff's story about ewell's story do atticus accept ?
lee said to kill a mockingbird ?
when did lee's father defended two black men accused of murder ?
how old was lee when she died ?
what positions did lee's father hold in monroeville ?
where did dill live to scout during the summer of truman's uncle, dill lived before ?
in what year did capote visit kansas together to investigate the murders of capote's wife ?
what was the name of the book written by capote's wife's history with capote ?
who did lee model dill on ?
who did lee write the stories capote wrote? who did lee write the stories capote's ?
what did capote and capote call the two of their friends ?
how old was lee when he was born ?
who was the black man accused of raping elizabeth? who was the white man accused of raping ?
who was murdered for flirt with a white woman in 1955 ?
what movement was the death of emmett till's death is credited with the catalyst for what movement ?
what was the scottsboro case used for ?
who was murdered for flirt with a white woman in 1955 ?
what are the two mod genres of the book's title : lee is doing the wrong word for ?
what does tavernier - courbin believe lee uses to help raise his children's perspective ?
where is atticus'house where the pub is located ?
who advises the king of the black housekeeper to escort scout and jem locks a sunday school classmate in the ?
what is the state of the bum - out - of - the - century bum - out - of ?
what do the people in her picture wear instead of her dress, what do they wear instead of her ?
what are the two types of literature have scholars characterized to kill a mockingbird? what do scholars describe ?
what is the name of the southern gothic mockingbird? what is the name of the southern gothic mocking ?
who is the highest priority that scout reveres the gothic style from the medieval period ?
who did jem say to the day after the trial, who did jem say to have done the boy ?
what does the book that jem leaves him with knowledge of what did the book that jem's neighbors ?
in what year did the montgomery bus boycott take place ?
what was the main concern of the decline of the popularity of the novel " the spirit - corro ?
what race was implied to have implied that tom robinson's death by black males implied tom robinson ' ?
how many times was tom spared from being lynched for his refusal to get tom spared from being lynch ?
what did the novel of tom robinson's life penalty sentence involve punishment for ?
who juried tom robinson's trial by whom was tom robinson's trial? who convicted tom ?
how many times was tom robinson shot for his refusal to get tom robinson assassinated? how many times was ?
what does atticus must shoot ?
what must atticus do without help from other white citizens? what must atticus do without help from ?
who was the author of the novel entitled the finch home one day ?
who is the formidable of the books that she wrote about calpurnia's leadership style is known ?
who had a poor relationship with scout embarrasse her poorer classmate ?
who stated that she was the author of the novel entitled the novel that was the beginning of the 20th ?
what did both austen and lee value over social standing ?
what is the main reason lee's approach to class and race is more complex than racial prejudice ?
what does lee claim causes of racism and segregation ?
what do the children of atticus gain knowledge of ?
what addiction is mrs. dubose determined to break herself of a previous addiction to atticus'addiction ?
who does scout's impulsive inclination to fight students who insult the boy's pride in winning ?
what word describes the novel that has been written by scout ?
who wrote the book entitled the book - length biography of harper lee was written by harper lee to date ?
who wrote the book entitled the book - length biography of harper lee was written by harper lee to date ?
what is the main reason elizabeth's book is considered to be a fundamental and universal aspect of the ?
who made a point of hearing the comments made by mayella's comments about the book's ?
who does scout / jean louise combine the masculine influences of ?
who does scout / jean louise combine the masculine influences of ?
who indicates that scout is ruining the family name by not wearing a dress and camisole clothing ?
what does scout become in south america ?
who hinted, molested his daughter and mr. radley's daughter was a phantom of the ?
who was the main character in the novel about the abusers ?
who has been exiled by society for taking a black woman as their common law wife and having interrac ?
who were children once listed in the opening quote from charles lamb's poetry ?
what type of clothing does elizabeth refuse to wear ?
[pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
[pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
[pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
[pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
[pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
[pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
what is the name of the club that was the name of the club that was the name of the ?
what is the name of the club that was the name of the club that was the name of the ?
how many languages had one year previously been translated into one language before it was translated into how many languages ?
how many languages has the book's been translated into ten languages? how many languages has the book ?
how many copies has the novel " the kill a mockingbird " sold how many copies in the us ?
how many copies has the novel " the kill a mockingbird " sold in the united states since the ?
how many languages has the saxon silver been translated into in the past been translated into ten languages? how ?
what are the names of the books that were translated by mary mcdonagh murphy's book included ?
who was the harper's sister, tom brokaw, was the name of the harper ' ?
what are the names of the books that were translated by mary mcdonagh murphy's book included ?
atticus finch became what profession ?
atticus finch's model of what has the legal profession of atticus finch's model of ?
when did alabama state monuments to atticus monument to atticus erected a monument to atticus ?
what erected a monument to atticus in 1997 ?
what special membership did lee herself receive in 2008 ?
when was the book first subject to be studied in classroom history first subject to classroom history ?
what was the number of challenged books that were reported to kill a mockingbird in the 100 most frequently ?
when was the book first subject to be studied in classroom history first subject to classroom history ?
what was the number of challenged books that were reported to kill a mockingbird in the 100 most frequently ?
what year was the book challenged in hanover, virginia, which year was the book challenged in hanover, ?
what was the name of the fictional device in the book being challenged was a possible location for fictional events ?
what did the writer's letters about the rape reported to be the main reason that the book was ?
who was the name of the author of harper lee's novel received the most complaints to the public ?
what movement was the author of the novel " act of humanity " is considered to be the most successful ?
what book did alabama author mark childress compare the impact of the civil rights movement to the civil rights ?
what book did alabama author mark childress compare the impact of the civil rights movement to the civil rights ?
who claimed capote's biological father claimed capote wrote " almost all " of the book cap ?
who wrote the dust jacket ?
who was lee's older sister ?
who wrote the dust jacket ?
who refuted the claims made by lee in a letter to a neighbor in monroeville ?
when was the first time to kill a mockingbird in the published edition of harper lee's history ?
how many days did the king's book get to be published in the history of the bible in ?
in what year did bestsellers magazine award the paperback of the year award from bestsellers magazine ?
when did lee begin to turn down interviews? when did lee begin to turn down interviews ?
what award did harper lee win in 1961 for mockingbird's silvering in the world series ?
when did lee begin to turn down interviews? when did lee begin to turn down interviews ?
when was lee inducted into the alabama academy of honor ?
how many cities chose the novel to be adopted by the city in 2004 ?
what city was mayor richard m. daley from ?
what city was mayor richard m. daley from ?
how many cities chose the novel to be adopted by the city in 2004 ?
where did lee receive a honorary doctorate from ?
who awarded lee a presidential medal of freedom in 2007 ?
in what year was lee awarded the presidential medal of freedom ?
from what university did lee receive a honorary doctorate ?
who awarded lee a presidential medal of freedom in 2007 ?
in what year was'the book'made into the film ?
who starred in the book's title was the story of the life of the life of the life ?
who starred in the book's title was the story of the life of the life of the life ?
what did lee give him the oscar for best actor in the film the man and the part met his ?
what was peck's nickname ?
what did lee give peck's performance to peck's film the man and the part met his ?
what was peck's nickname ?
when did lee make an uncharacteristic appearance at the request of peck's widow at ?
what did lee think elizabeth was ?
who adapted the book's play by whom ?
in what year did the play come out of monroeville ?
what town is known for its unique character in the play version of'the literary capital of alabama ' ?
who is the cast in the play version of the play, the play version of the play, the ?
what is the audience of the plays presented at the dramatic playing of the plays presented at the dramatic playing ?
where was sergel's play tour in england in 2006 ?
where did the play open the 2013 play opened ?
who played atticus finch in the show that featured atticus finch ?
when was the final draft of go set a watchman's draft of to kill a mockingbird ?
what year was the final draft of go set a watchman draft of go set a watchman ?
how many days was the earlier draft of to kill a mockingbird's first draft was controversially ?
who discovered the watchman manuscript ?
what was the earlier draft of to kill a mockingbird's earlier draft of to kill a mocking ?
what year was the final draft of go set a watchman draft of go set a watchman ?
how many days was the earlier draft of to kill a mockingbird's first draft was controversially ?
what are the main concerns with the book atticus finch's book is concerned with serious issues with ?
who is the narrator's father is considered a moral hero for many readers and for whom is the ?
what quality of quality did critics think lee had talent for what aspect of lee's talent for what ?
what narrative technique did lee use to play intricate with voice ?
who did elizabeth believe was christian in its ethic heritage ?
where did the book's focus on boo children's fascination with boo children's fascination with ?
what did writer maycomb classify the book as ?
what is the name of scout's westernization of mayella ewell's book was scout ?
what did one writer think the plot was more like the characters in the novel, the history of may ?
what is the name of the chief example of multiple innocents destroyed carelessly or deliberately throughout the novel ?
who did christopher metress connect the mockingbird to ?
how did king atticus describe tom robinson ?
what does the book, the book, the book, the book, the novel exposes the loss ?
which newspaper noted the passages in the novel " this is in no way a sociological novel is written by ?
who labeled melodramatic and contrived as a book that was written by some lamented ?
who commented on the book melodramatic and contrived in melodramatic and con ?
who did chimamanda ngozi adichie write in a novel about racism ?
who was the author's central theme is the book's central theme? who wrote the book ?
who called atticus a repository of cracker - barrel epigrams is a native alaba ?
who wrote that justice is complicated ?
who is the name of the character used by some critics to describe the " contented slave motif ?
who thought that the novel demoralizing white trash was demoralizing white trash ?
who was the name of the novel's demonization was the name of the novel's demon ?
what is the main reason for the death of every child in south korea ?
what did mcwhorter say was not unusual in the late 1950's ?
what do people quote lines from it mean ?
what do residents call the books that lee wrote to help local residents call lee's book's ?
where does solar energy come from ?
what is radiant light and heat from the sun harnessed to create radiant light and heat from the sun ?
what technologies employ solar energy technology? what technologies employ solar energy technology ?
what is solar energy ?
how many terawatts does earth receive ?
what percentage of earth's radiation reflected back to space ?
what is the average kwh / m2 of the earth's water in kilow kilow ki ?
how many terawatts does earth receive ?
what percentage of earth's radiation reflected back to space ?
what is the average insolation level of the earth's water in areas like the earth ' ?
what types of radiation absorbs the rest of earth's terawatts absorb most of the ?
what percentage of earths land surface is covered by solar radiation ?
what is the average temperature of the earth's surface in degrees celsius, what is the ?
what process converts solar energy into chemically stored energy ?
how much of the earths land surface is covered by solar radiation ?
what causes atmospheric circulation of water in the oceans ?
when does water vapor condenses into clouds ?
what does the return of atmospheric phenomena produce? what does the return of rain on earth produce atmospheric phenomena ?
what process converts solar energy into chemically stored energy ?
how many exajoules per year is the total solar energy absorbed by earth's atmosphere, ?
how long was the energy in one hour of energy in 2002 ?
how many ej does photosynthesis capture in biomass per year ?
how long was the energy in one hour of energy in 2002 ?
what is the total solar energy absorbed by earth's atmosphere, oceans, land masses, and solar ?
how much biomass does photosynthesis capture in biomass ?
what is the second most energy that is produced by solar energy on earths non - renewable resources ?
where do all renewable energy derive energy from ?
what are solar technologies categorized as solar technologies? what are solar technologies categorized as solar technologies ?
how are solar technologies defined as passive or active? what are solar technologies defined as passive or active ?
what other types of renewable energy derive energy from the sun? what other types of renewable energy derive energy ?
what direction do renewable energy derive energy from the sun ?
what type of solar technique use photovoltaics, solar thermal collectors, pumps, and fans to ?
what type of solar technique is designed for use in what type of solar technique ?
what type of collectors use pumps, fans, pumps, and fans to convert sunlight into useful outputs do ?
what do passive solar techniques use passive solar technology for ?
what do active solar technologies do active solar technologies do ?
what is the benefit of passive solar technology? what is the benefit of passive solar technology? what is ?
who invented the solar engine ?
when did shuman form the sun power company ?
when did shuman patent his solar engine system ?
who was frank shuman ?
when did shuman build a small demonstration solar engine ?
what type of engine did the black pipes in the black pipes in turn to water ?
when did shuman form the sun power company ?
when did shuman patent his solar engine system ?
where was the first solar thermal power station built ?
how many litres of water did shuman's pump pump pumped water from the nile river to adjacent ?
when did shuman's design for a new wave of interest in solar thermal energy take so much ?
where was the first solar thermal power station built ?
what did shuman's plant use to power water from the nile river to power water from the ?
what river was shuman's water from ?
what caused the advancement of solar energy in the 1930s discouraged the advancement of solar energy ?
when did shuman's design for a new wave of interest in solar thermal energy take so much ?
what percentage of domestic hot water in low latitudes are generally salt from the low latitudes of the ?
what do solar hot water systems use to heat water in solar hot water systems? what do solar hot ?
what percentage of domestic hot water in low latitudes use solar heating systems ?
what is the most common type of water heater in water heat systems ?
what type of collectors use mainly water from water from water from the water from water from water from water ?
how many thermal gigawatts were installed in the capacity of solar hot water in the solar hot ?
which countries are the per capita leaders in the use of solar hot water systems ?
what is the total installed capacity of solar hot water in china as of 2007 ?
who is the world leader in their deployment ?
what percentage of homes using solar hot water systems are using solar hot water systems ?
which countries are the most popular water systems in the world that is most popular for heating swimming pools ?
what percentage of energy is used in commercial buildings in the us? what percentage of energy is used in ?
what percentage of energy in commercial buildings does hvac stand for in the united states? in the united ?
what percentage of energy in residential buildings is used in most residential buildings in the united states? in the ?
what is used to offset energy used in residential buildings? what is used to offset energy used in residential ?
what type of mass is material that can be used to store heat from the sun in the case of ?
what is thermal mass ?
what are common thermal mass materials ?
how have thermal mass materials been used in historically domestic climates ?
historically, thermal mass materials have been used in what type of climate? what type of climate are thermal ?
thermal mass is less need for what type of heating and cooling equipment when thermal mass is not present ?
what kind of ventilation is a solar chimney ?
what kind of ventilation system is a solar chimney ?
what is a passive solar ventilation system made up of ?
how is performance improved ?
what season do bare limbs allow light to pass through the southern hemisphere ?
what has been promoted as a means of controlling solar heating and cooling ?
how much amount of incident solar radiation do leafless trees shade ?
why should deciduous trees be planted on the equator facing side of a building that is open to the east ?
which sides of the southern hemisphere are used on which sides to provide a degree of summer shading to ?
in what year was the first solar cooker built ?
how many degrees above sea level do the highest temperature in a lit bulb reach temperatures above sea level ?
what do solar cookers use sunlight for ?
what are the three broad categories of solar cookers ?
who was the first person to build the first solar cooker ?
what is the typical temperature of a basic box cooker typically reaches temperatures of what temperature in a box ?
what do the basic cookers require to function properly in reflector cookers ?
how many parabolic dishes were in the first commercial system ?
how does the cost effective heat be more cost effective than other non - thermal energy ?
what are some solar technologies that provide process heat for commercial and industrial applications? what are some solar technologies ?
where was the first commercial system to provide energy for commercial use ?
what is one of the oldest uses of solar energy ?
what dry clothes are worn through evaporation by wind and sunlight without consuming electricity without gas ?
what is unglazed transpired collectors are what ?
when was the first solar distillation project constructed in the area of solar distillation was created ?
what can be used to make saline water potable ?
who first recorded the first instance of using saline or brackish water potable saline ?
when was the first solar distillation project constructed in the area of solar distillation was created ?
how much revenue could be produced by solar distillation ?
what is one type of ceramic plant that was developed by arab alchemists ?
who recommends using sodis for safe storage ?
what is the range of exposure times for sodis ?
what is sodis recommended for using sodis for drinking water ?
how many people use sodis for drinking water in developing countries use sodis for drinking water? how ?
what do algae produce that makes water unusable ?
what is the purpose of water stabilisation for solar energy in water stabilisation ?
what causes water to be unusable for the organic nature of water that makes water unusable ?
solar power is predicted to be the world's largest source of electricity by what year is solar power ?
solar power is predicted to be the world's largest source of electricity by what year is solar power ?
where is the segs csp installation located in california ?
what year did solar generated less than 1 % of the worlds grid electricity ?
what is the largest solar plant in the world ?
where is the segs csp installation located ?
what are the world's largest photovoltaic plants ?
who created the first solar cell constructed by whom ?
when was the crystalline silicon solar cell created ?
what has the solar pv been known as solar pv ?
what is a solar cell ?
who created the first solar cell constructed by whom ?
who created a photo cell using silver selenide used copper oxide replaced the copper oxide in 1931 ?
who created the crystalline silicon solar cell ?
what is heated by the concentrated sunlight in all of the systems used for energy storage ?
what do the concentrating solar power system use to focus a large amount of sunlight into a small beam ?
what is the concentrated heat from solar power used for the concentrated heat from solar power ?
what is one of the most developed systems that use lenses and mirrors to reflect the sun and the solar ?
what is the purpose of calculating the heat in most systems ?
what is a classic example of passive solar design ?
what is the common features of passive solar architecture ?
what characteristic do the features of passive solar architecture produce when the features of passive solar architecture are tailored to ?
what is a classic example of passive solar design ?
what are some of the passive solar equipment that can benefit passive solar design? what are some of the ?
what are the metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than the surrounding environment ?
what is the projected population of urban temperatures in los angeles projected to be reduced by about how much would ?
what are the metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than the surrounding environment ?
what materials have lower albedos and higher temperatures are possible to create higher temperatures than other areas of ?
what is the straightforward method of counteracting the uhi effect ?
what did french farmers employ to maximize the collection of solar energy during the short growing seasons of little ice ?
what do vinters use solar panels for their energy generated by solar panels ?
why do agriculture and horticulture seek to capture solar energy? why do agriculture and horticulture ?
what techniques help improve crop yields? what techniques help improve crop yields ?
what did french farmers use to raise fruit walls during the short growing seasons of little ice age? what ?
what did the fruit walls do during the short growing seasons of the little ice age? what did french ?
when were primitive greenhouses first used for public transportation ?
in what century were the first greenhouses built in europe ?
what do greenhouses do for the benefit of greenhouses? what do greenhouses do for the benefit ?
what do greenhouses convert solar light to heat? what do greenhouses convert solar light to heat ?
what purpose were primitive greenhouses first used in roman times for what purpose were primitive greenhouses first used ?
in the 16th century, in what continent were the first greenhouses built in the 16th century ?
what is the name of the bi - motor car race that is held in australia ?
how much did the winner's average speed increase by 2007 ?
what is the world solar challenge ?
what year was the world solar challenge founded ?
what was the average speed for the race ?
what was the average speed for the winner's average speed in the world solar challenge ?
what are the world solar challenge ?
when was the first practical solar boat constructed in england ?
when was the first practical solar boat constructed in england ?
who made the first solar powered crossing of the pacific ocean in 1996 ?
who made the first solar powered crossing of the pacific ocean ?
how many feet did the first solar riser reach altitude in feet ?
what is the name of the electric plane that uses solar cells to fly on earth in 2015 ?
what year did the first solar riser make flight in what year did the first solar riser make ?
when did the first solar riser make flight in a solar - powered plane ?
when did the solar challenger cross the english channel ?
where did scott raymond travel in 21 hops to go to north carolina ?
how long does the incandescent plane remain airborne for how long does the incandescent plane remain ?
what is a feasible alternative to carbon - based fuels? what is a feasible alternative to carbon - based ?
what is the process that converts solar energy into storable and transportable fuels are used to drive ?
what is the process called which produces variety of fuels ?
what is the name of the process that uses a 1 mw solar furnace to decompose zinc oxide ?
what does the initial reaction produce ?
what has been a significant area of solar chemistry research since the 1970s ?
what is one route that uses concentrators to produce what ?
what is the name of the process that uses a 1 mw solar furnace to decompose zinc oxide ?
thermal mass systems store solar energy in what form can thermal mass systems store solar energy in thermal mass systems ?
what system of systems that offer solar energy can store solar energy in the form of heat at domestic temperatures ?
thermal storage systems that offer specific heat capacities are generally offered by thermal storage systems that offer specific heat capacities ?
what is a benefit of thermal storage systems ?
what type of storage media are phase change materials ?
what was the first to use a glauber's salt heating system ?
what are two major components of phase change materials ?
what temperature range are shipped through phase change materials ?
what was the first to use a glauber's salt heating system ?
why are salts effective storage medium ?
how much energy can be stored in the solar two ?
what do off grid pv systems use to store excess electricity ?
what do off grid pv systems use to store excess electricity ?
what give household systems a credit for electricity delivered to the grid ?
how is electricity being handled? how is electricity being delivered to the grid ?
how do standard meters measure electricity ?
what is the pump now a what ?
how does pumped - storage hydroelectricity store energy ?
how is the energy transferred when demand is recovered ?
in what year did oil embargo and 1979 energy crisis occur ?
what caused the reorganization of energy policies in the world caused a reorganization of energy policies around the world ?
what were the top programs that were targeted by the oil embargo program? what were the top ?
what is the name of the research facilities in the us ?
what is the name of the japan program that was created in japan ?
what is germany's name for germany's energy system ?
when did commercial solar water heaters begin to appear in the united states ?
what is the average growth rate in the last few years in the 1990s ?
when did commercial solar water heaters begin appearing in the united states ?
what caused interest in the oil industry in the 1980s caused interest in water heat in the 1970s ?
how much has the domestic cooling rate in the last few years in the 1970s ?
what is the estimated capacity of water heat in houston in 2007 ?
which agency has said solar energy can make considerable contributions to solving some of the concerns with the world now ?
which agency has said solar energy can make considerable contributions to solving some of the concerns with the world now ?
iso 9050 relates to what material ?
what does iso 10217 refer to in iso 10217 ?
what iso iso compares glass to water heaters ?
what iso 9050 relates to glass in building ?
what are the two types of renewable energy are energy and its technologies characterized as? what are the two ?
what do active solar techniques use to harness energy? what do active solar techniques use to harness energy ?
what do passive solar techniques include ?
what was the total world energy consumption in 2012 ?
what was the annual potential of solar energy in 2000 ?
what is a highly appealing source of electricity ?
what programme found that the annual potential of solar energy was 1, 575  49, 1357 ?
how will the international energy agency increase countries'energy security ?
what is lower in cost of energy in the environment, reduce pollution, lower what cost of energy in ?
what is the additional costs of incentives for early deployment of the incentives for deployment of energy benefits should be ?
what is the goal of the international energy agency inexhaustible and lower the costs of mit ?
what factors limit the amount of solar energy that could be found near the surface of the planet? what ?
why is the geography effects solar energy potential ?
what can significantly increase solar energy potential in areas that are farther from the equator ?
why does time variation effect the potential of solar energy in the non - solar spectrum ?
why do clouds cover solar panels ?
why can solar energy be found in the solar area ?
why have roofs been found to be suitable for solar cells? how have the roofs been found to be ?
what factors were the factors that could be used to estimate the energy that could be used to estimate the ?
what is the global potential of solar energy in the united nations'estimate of solar energy in 2000 ?
what is solar power ?
how is solar power converted to electricity ?
what do csp systems use to focus a large amount of sunlight into a small beam of sunlight into ?
what do csp systems use lenses to do with the lenses and tracking systems? what do csp ?
what does pv convert light into electric current ?
what has influenced building design? what has influenced building design? what has influenced building design ?
which cultures employed advanced solar architecture and urban planning methods were first employed by the chinese ?
what direction do chinese and greek architecture look to buildings that are illuminated by the chinese and greek styles of ?
what is a solar balloon ?
what is the effect of the external object's impact on the outside of the sun when sunlight comes ?
where can one find the most use of the surface area to payload - weight ratio for human flight ?
why is the surface - area to payload - weight ratio limited to the toy market ?
what was the early development of solar technologies in the early 20th century ?
what led to the development of solar technologies stagnated in the early 20th century ?
by what year could solar energy be fully energy from the solar energy technologies that could provide a third of ?
what is the main impact of the energy from the sun on the energy from the sun ?
name the 8 empires and dynasties that ruled the area that now constitutes tajikistan ?
what are some of the cultures that were brought to armenia during the time of the roman empire ?
what was the name of the ancient cultures that were before tajikistan ?
when did tajikistan become an independent nation ?
when did the civil war take place ?
what are some of the cultures that were brought to armenia during the time of the roman empire ?
name the 8 empires and dynasties that ruled the area that now constitutes tajikistan ?
when did tajikistan become an independent nation ?
when did the civil war take place ?
when did tajiks join the soviet army ?
how many people fought against germany, finland, and japan in world war ii? how many people fought ?
how much of tajikistan's citizens were killed in world war ii? how much of tajikistan's ?
what went on to go to tajikistan ?
how were factions distinguished in the civil war? how were factions distinguished during the civil war? how were ?
what was the outcome of the ceasefire ?
who became prime minister in 1992 ?
why did the nation flee into the west? how did the nation flee into the west? how did ?
who was stationed along the tajik - afghan border until 2005 ?
where have french troops been stationed since the september 11 attacks ?
where is the ayni air base located ?
why do french troops remain in the tajik - afghan border base ?
how many tajik operatives were killed in the rasht valley ?
in what year did russia send more troops to tajikistan ?
when was the rasht valley concluded ?
what was the concern about the elite in 2010 ?
what type of government is tajikistan officially ?
who is the prime minister of tajikistan ?
who are the two deputy prime ministers of tajikistan ?
when did emomalii rahmon hold the office of president of tajikistan ?
what is the political party system of tajikistan ?
are media outlets in the media freedom industry? are media outlets in the media industry ?
what is the public view of the media in practice? what is the public view of media in practice ?
what is the public view of the media in practice? what is the public view of media in practice ?
what is one of the major things that people have blocked access to media in media ?
what is the smallest nation in central asia by area ?
what mountain range borders guam ?
where is dushanbe located ?
where does guam's landlocked territory mostly lies ?
where are the only major areas of land that is lower land ?
what is tajik most likely to be ?
what does tajikistan mean ?
what does the suffix - stan mean in persian ?
why is the word tajik difficult to reach the meaning of tajik difficult to reach the ?
during what time period did the tibetan empire control iran and china ?
who controled the tibetan empire and chinese control of iran from 650 - 680 ?
who restored persian control of the eastern asian region during the umayyad empire ?
what was the region known as before samanid empire ?
during what time period did the tibetan empire control iran and china ?
who controled the tibetan empire and chinese control of iran from 650 - 680 ?
during what time period did the tibetan empire control iran and china ?
who restored persian control of the eastern asian region during the umayyad empire ?
who controled the tibetan empire and chinese control of iran from 650 - 680 ?
who restored persian control of the eastern asian region during the umayyad empire ?
what was the region known as before samanid empire ?
what was the region known as before samanid empire ?
during what time period did the tibetan empire control iran and china ?
when did the umayyads control the umayyads ?
who conquered transoxania ?
which empire controlled the eastern region from the umayyad empire ?
when did russia take over central asia ?
who controlled the tajikistan portion of russia ?
what was russia interested in ?
what region did russia take over from russia ?
who ruled by 1885 tajikistan's territory was ruled by who in 1885 ?
what did the jadidists establish themselves as during the late 19th century ?
which group viewed the jadidists as a threat to the jadidists ?
when were the khanate of kokand forced the khanate of kokand to restore order ?
why did the khujand protest against the russians in may of 1916 ?
what were the people who waged a war against bolshevik armies known as ?
why did the basmachi waged a war against bolshevik armies ?
who won the great war after the four years'war ?
what religions were banned from doing religious tolerance after the russian revolution ?
what was formed in 1924 ?
where did cotton production in armenia begin ?
what happened between 1927 and 1934 ?
what happened in tajikistan between 1927 and 1934? what happened in tajikistan between 1927 and 1934 ?
who directed the two purges of the two purges? who directed the two purges of the ?
how many people were kicked off from all levels of the communist party of tajikistan? how many people were ?
who was sent in to replace the top position of first secretary of the communist party of tajikistan ?
what percentage did the number of russian people in tajikistan grow from 1926 to 1959? how much did the ?
what was the top position of first secretary of the communist party of tajikistan ?
what happened in february 2010 ?
what was the cause of the parliamentary elections of 2005 ?
what was the result of the 2010 elections? did they say the elections failed to meet crucial commitments ?
what did the government claim was not the result of these accusations? did the government claim was not the ?
where is tajikistan located ?
how many people lived in tajikistan in 2013 ?
how much area is covered by tajikistan ?
which country borders tajikistan to the east ?
what corridor sep sep 3, pakistan is separated from the south ?
which country borders tajikistan to the east ?
how many people lived in tajikistan in 2013 ?
how much area is covered by tajikistan ?
which country borders tajikistan to the south border ?
which country borders tajikistan to the west border ?
when was the earliest recorded history of the achaemenid empire ?
what empire was the earliest known country in history of modern tajikistan ?
who conquered the eastern region from alexander's empire ?
what tribes ruled the kushan empire ?
when did the hephthalite empire bring islam to the area of islam ?
what was the name of the empire that moved to the north ?
what religions were practiced in the kushan empire ?
what was the gdp of tajikistan in 2000 - 2007 ?
what are the main sources of income in tajikistan ?
what percentage of agricultural output does cotton account for ?
who is the biggest aluminium company in central asia ?
who has been responsible for the reprieves of investment for the national hydropower potential are the top ?
what is the main purpose of the pip river in tajikistan? what is the main purpose of the pip ?
which dam in tajikistan is the highest dam in the world ?
what is the planned project called ?
what is the estimated amount of the population estimated to live on less than what amount per day ?
how much did remittances from tajik labour migrants totaled in 2010 ?
how has tajikistan achieved transition from a market economy without direct means? how has tajikistan achieved transition from a ?
what has played an important role in the world bank tajikistan policy ?
what is raised locally for the domestic market ?
what is the effect of illegal drug trafficking ?
what is the third place in the world that tajikistan holds third place in the world for ?
what is the purpose of tajikistan? what is the purpose of tajikistan ?
how is travel of travel transportation generally delivered ?
which countries have been sent to afghanistan ?
which countries were helping improve and build a highway and rail system in 2009 ?
when did the tripartican agreement between tajikistan, afghanistan, and iran sign an agreement to construct ?
how many airports were included in the 2009 tajikistan line of airports in 2009 ?
what is the name of the country's main airport ?
where has dushanbe international airport regularly scheduled flights to major cities in the country regularly scheduled flights to ?
what is the name of the largest airport in the eastern half of the country's domestic airport ?
what is the population of tajikistan ?
what percentage of people in tajikistan are under the age of 30 and 35 % of tajikistan's population ?
what is the percentage of people between the ages of 18? what is the percentage of people between the ?
what is the main ethnic group in tajiks ?
what is the name of the all citizens of tajikistan ?
who are the people that live in gorno - badakhshan autonomous province of gorno - bad ?
how are the distinct ethnic origins of the pamiri people different from most tajiks ?
where are the highest areas of iran's history of cultural traditions and folk arts that have been formerly ?
what school has been recognized by the government in 2009 ?
what does tajikistan consider itself to be ?
what are the two islamic holidays in armenia ?
what percentage of islam's population is muslim ?
what is the concern between religion and political stability among muslims about political beliefs ?
what is the concern about religious groups in iran about religion ?
what militant islamic party aims to overthrow secular governments and the unification of tajiks under one islamic state ?
what is the ideology of islam ?
who must register religious communities by law ?
what is required to register with the scra ?
what is not allowed to gather religious groups to gather prayer ?
what can failure to register with the scra to register with the scra ?
what is the main concerns about the tajik government's efforts to improve the health care system ?
how many people are disabled in tajikistan ?
what percentage of the gdp was public expenditure on health in 2004 ?
what paper did the government of tajikistan and the world bank use to describe the efforts to support the people ?
how many years of education are in public education in tajikistan ?
what kind of system will be implemented in 2016 ?
what is the name of the tertiary education institution in tajikistan ?
what was the tertiary education enrollment in 2008 ?
what is anthropology ?
what is the main division of anthropology ?
what investigates the influence of language in social anthropology ?
what kind of anthropology concerns long - term development of the human body ?
what country is archaeology considered to be a branch of anthropology ?
when was the anthropological society of vienna founded ?
in what year was the berlin society of anthropology founded ?
when was the american anthropological association founded ?
in what year was the anthropological society of madrid founded ?
what did rudolph virchow believe that darwin lacked ?
what did the proliferation of what and associations occur during the last three decades of the 19th century ?
what continent did the most independent societies and associations in the 19th century have membership in ?
who were the most important to the field of anthropology ?
how many educational institutions in 13 countries had some of the universities in the u. s. had some ?
how many countries had some taught in anthropology in 1898 ?
when did bronisaw malinowski write about social anthropology ?
what did margaret mead advocate for ?
social anthropology has been distinguished from other social sciences in the united states by its emphasis on what has the ?
what has been the main arguments against what ideology have boas argued against in the united states ?
what has cultural anthropology emphasized ?
what areas of anthropology are the continents of anthropology ?
what field has been influenced by anthropology ?
what kind of discipline is anthropology ?
where did early anthropology originate ?
what new areas of study have been the influence of anthropology in the 20th century ?
sociocultural anthropology has been influenced by what two theories have been influenced by sociocultural anthropology ?
when did there have an epistemological shift away from the positivists ?
what areas of study in the 1970s and 1990s? what areas of study took a central place in cultural ?
what remained largely positivist? in contrast to social anthropology ?
what have the four sub - fields of anthropology lack in the four sub - fields of anthropology in the ?
what draws together the principle axes of cultural anthropology and social anthropology ?
what is the study of the relationships among persons and groups of people in cultural anthropology ?
what does social anthropology help understand ?
what kind of distinction does cultural anthropology lack ?
what is the comparative study of the manifold ways in which people make sense of the world around them ?
what is the major component of inquiry in sociocultural anthropology ?
what can refer to both a methodology and the product of ethnographic research? what can be considered ?
what is one of the foundational methods of social and cultural anthropology is one of the foundational methods ?
what is the process of participant - observation can be helpful to understanding culture from what point of view ?
what do other cultures in their own terms of cultural relativism accept other cultures in their own terms ?
what type of anthropology studies social, religion, and political organization do cultural and political organization relate to the ?
sociocultural anthropology studies patterns of what do sociocultural anthropology studies? what does sociocultural anthropology cover ?
what is a human universal ?
what is the object of study in linguistic anthropology ?
sociocultural anthropology concerns the political and legal issues with sociocultural anthropology, political and legal issues with socio ?
what is the study of the human past through what is the study of the world of humans through what ?
what do archaeologists examine the evidence that the evidence of the cultural and material from the human world remains in ?
what is the evidence of humans in antiquity thought to have been left behind by the study of humans in ?
how do the people that are from human groups have described the people from human groups ?
what are the types of evidence of the human world from the human world ?
what kind of problems do linguistic anthropology bring linguistic methods to bear on ?
what does linguistic anthropology bring linguistic forms and processes to what does linguistic anthropology bring linguistic forms and processes to ?
what kind of anthropology seeks to understand the processes of human communication, verbal, and non - verbal language ?
what are some areas of study of linguistic anthropology? what are some areas of study of linguistic anthropology ?
the universality of art as a cultural phenomenon is one of the main areas of the cultural aspect of ?
what do western artists not believe art is independent of the west ?
what qualities do formal features in objects without exclusively being artistic have certain of? what quality do formal features ?
when was'art as cultural system'published ?
what do some examples of the shift in the anthropology of art turn into in the field of art ?
who used the word paleontology to describe the natural history of man ?
in what year did etienne serres first use the term paleontology ?
in what year was the chair in anthropology and ethnography created ?
where is the national museum of natural history located ?
who was the first to use ethnology ?
what did the evolution of anthropology in the 19th century come from ?
what was the result of processes and laws unknown to animals and languages that were thought to be the result ?
what were the causes of the problems with the study of species ?
what was the name of the publication of on the origin of species ?
how did darwin reach his conclusions regarding darwin's study of evolution ?
when did darwin and wallace unveil the idea that evolution was unveiled by darwin and wallace's ?
what was the goal of the rush to what did darwin and wallace's revelation about evolution lead to ?
where was paul broca in the process of breaking away from the societe de biologie de paleop ?
which french group did paul broca break away from ?
what did darwin become an immediate convert to when darwin read darwin's evolutionism as a whole ?
broca was known as what today ?
broca took an interest in what did broca take an interest in ?
what did broca discover the part of the human brain ?
what was theodor waitz's discipline of philosophy was broca known for ?
how many volumes did theodor waitz write? how many volumes did theodor waitz write ?
what did waitz define anthropology as ?
what was waitz's position on the divine breath ?
what did waitz believe would differentiate man from animals nearest to him from other fields? what did wait ?
what did waitz stresses that the data of comparison must be what type of data of comparison? what ?
what did waitz believe could be brought into the study of history? what did waitz believe could ?
who was waitz influential among ?
when did richard francis burton and the speech therapist hunt break away from the ethnological society of london ?
instead of ethnology, what new discipline did the anthropological society of london follow instead of ethn ?
representatives from which society were present at the first volume of the new publication of the anthropological review ?
whose work did hunt stressed the work of which scientist's views on the subject of anthropology ?
in the 20th century anthropology was expanded to comprise anthropology departments in what areas of the world ?
what has anthropology diversified from to dozens more ?
what type of anthropology has come from the use of anthropology ?
what do the buried victims do with the presence of buried victims of the dead help the use of buried ?
how many nations are in charge of the world council of anthropological associations ?
what is another name for anthropology of media ?
media anthropology is a type of contexts of media production ?
when did media have become more like media and television began to make their presences felt ?
media anthropology is a contexts of what ?
what type of anthropology is a new area of internet research ?
what type of anthropology is concerned with the study and production of art in anthropology ?
what does the word " study of art " also encompass the study of ?
what cultures have had a lot of visual art from the west ?
what other term is sometimes interchangeably with the art of art ?
what type of anthropology attempts to explain human economic behavior in the field of anthropology ?
what types of views does economic anthropology attempt to explain the diverse views of economic anthropology ?
what discipline does anthropology share a complex relationship with ?
who is the polish - british founder of anthropology ?
what is the main focus of economic anthropology ?
what is the political economy in anthropology ?
political economy introduced questions of what to the political economy ?
who did sahlins work on ?
what was the major concern with the vast majority of the world's people were concerned about the vast ?
what types of capitalism do political economists discuss in the world ?
what kind of anthropology refers to the application of anthropology to the study of anthropology ?
what do instrumental methods produce in specific cultural systems ?
what kind of action does applied anthropology take on the aspects of what kind of action does applied anthropology offer ?
what is applied anthropology ?
what community does applied anthropology belong to ?
what perspective does anthropology of development take a different perspective on the aspect of development from anthropology to the meaning ?
what is the major consideration for the approach of the approach of development ?
what is the major problem with the approach of affirmative action ?
what is the major issue with the views on the aspect of poverty increasing ?
what is the major reason for the development of the concept of social development ?
what can the patterns of social relationships be referred to as ?
what has developed a number of related concepts and terms such as " descent ", " descent groups " ?
how long has anthropology developed a number of related concepts and terms have been developed by anthropology ?
what does kinship correspond to ?
what do people who share a relationship with people share a relationship with people share a relationship with people else ?
what is the four field approach to anthropology ?
what do feminist anthropology seeks to reduce in research findings ?
what do feminist anthropologists claim to correct in the field of women in mainstream feminist theory? what do ?
what do feminist anthropologists tend to work with across societies ?
what is a specialization ?
what type of anthropology deals with the interplay between nutritional status and food security ?
nutritional anthropology deals with the interplay between nutritional status and what other area of nutritional anthropology ?
what is the interplay between culture and biology associated with nutritional anthropology? what is the interplay between ?
what is the overall impact of nutritional anthropology on people? what is the overall impact of nutritional anthropology on ?
nutritional anthropology is a major aspect of what kind of development is nutritional anthropology a major aspect of ?
what discipline studies the interaction of cultural and mental processes in anthropology ?
what does the subfield of anthropology focus on in the subfield of anthropology? what does the sub ?
what does the subfield of anthropology focus on in the cultural and mental processes of human cognition, emotion ?
what does the subfield of anthropology focus on in the subfield of anthropology? what does the sub ?
along with cognition, emotion, motivation, motivation, motivation, motivation, motivation, motivation, motivation, ?
what type of anthropology seeks to explain patterns of shared knowledge, cultural innovation, and cultural innovation in history ?
cognitive anthropology seeks to explain patterns of shared knowledge, cultural innovation, and methods and theories of cognitive anthropology ?
cognitive anthropology seeks to explain cognitive sciences using cognitive anthropology to explain cognitive sciences? what are cognitive sciences ?
what changes the way people perceive and relate to the world around them ?
what type of anthropology concerns the structure of political systems ?
from what source does political anthropology look at ?
when did political anthropology begin to develop a new direction ?
what social settings did anthropologists begin to study political philosophy in the new idea of political anthropology ?
who was the person who wrote negara ?
what group originated as a sub - focus group in 1993 ?
when did cyborg anthropology first become a sub - focus group ?
what was the sub - group that was affiliated with cyborg anthropology was affiliated with which group ?
who wrote cyborg manifesto ?
what does cyborg anthropology study humankind and what else does cyborg anthropology study humankind ?
what type of anthropology is a sub - specialty of anthropology ?
what is the contemporary perspective of environmental anthropology ?
what do many modern philosophers of modern political ecology describe environmental anthropology as being more political and cultural aspects of ?
what kind of exploitation and damage of land is often used to prevent what kind of exploitation and damage of ?
with whom does melissa checker have a relationship with ?
how is ethnohistory studied ?
ethnohistory is the study of history of what groups that can still exist today ?
how does ethnohistory use historical and ethnographic data ?
what do historical methods and materials go beyond the standard use of ethnohistory's historical ?
who recognizes the utility of sources material is considered to be the utility of sources material ?
what type of anthropology is concerned with issues of urbanization, poverty, and neoliberalism ?
who stated that traditional anthropologists were a notoriously agoraphobic lot, anti - urban anthropology ?
what kind of lot did ulf hannerz think traditional anthropologists were ?
how many principle approaches to urban anthropology are there ?
what do people study how they affect the dynamic of the city ?
what is another name for anthrozoology ?
what is another name for human - animal studies ?
what does anthrozoology share a thread with anthrozoology overlap with ?
what kind of effects on the cultural aspects of human - animal relationships are viewed as the behind the human ?
what disciplines are included in anthrozoologic field ?
what is the discipline that studies human evolution and human behaviour and the relation between hominins and ho ?
what is evolutionary anthropology based on ?
what is the main concerns with evolutionary anthropology ?
what approach does evolutionary anthropology base its approach on ?
how much evidence does evolutionary anthropology draw on the basis of evidence to understand the world, past and present ?
what kind of commitments are made by the anthropology of genocide and torture? what kind of commitments are made ?
what do ethical commitments in anthropology include distiguity and torture? what do ethical commitments in anthropology ?
what are some of the topics of the ethical commitments of anthropology? what are some of the topics of ?
what is the root cause of man's inhumanity to whom is man's inhumanity ?
what do some people use to illustrate the nature of racism, slavery, and torture topics? what do ?
why were many boas'anthropologist contemporaries ?
who were the axis ?
what did many boas'contemporaries serve in ?
what field did many boas work in ?
what did david h price write about the pursuit and dismissal of anthropologists from their jobs during the cold ?
what do professional anthropological bodies sometimes object to the use of anthropology for the benefit of what do professional anthropological ?
what type of briefings are sometimes offered a biographic briefings are given by anthropologists from ?
what has the association of social anthropologists of the uk and commonwealth considered ethically dangerous ?
who stated that there is a statement of professional responsibility has stated that there is no secret research ?
what should no secret reports or debriefings of any kind of security be made by their lack ?
who is the us army's strategy in afghanistan ?
what is the us military trying to work with the us military? what is the us military trying to ?
what is the christian science monitor report that efforts focus on better grasping and meeting local needs in afghanistan ?
where are hts teams working with the us military in afghanistan ?
what do ceaussic believe the glamen of correlates with the focus of the g ?
what type of anthropologists are interested in human variation and in the possibility of human universals? what ?
biological anthropologists are interested in the possibility of what do biological anthropologists interested in ?
what do anthropologists take anthropologists to do with the biological and physical aspects of modern population genetics, ?
what does fieldwork mean traveling to ?
what type of samples can be gathered and published as a minimum amount of samples, what type of samples ?
what do anthropologists divide the world of earth into ?
what is the human time on earth divided into ?
what type of tool is modern culture ?
what group shares approaches to culture regions with anthropologists and anthropologists share approaches to culture regions? what ?
what has been the central part of the science of anthropologists developed various kinds of scientific practices ?
what do some argue that anthropology originated and developed from what does anthropology come from ?
what do some argue that anthropology originated and developed as a study of other cultures? what do some argue ?
what are space and time in anthropology? what are space and time in anthropology ?
who wrote the introduction to the classic of urban anthropology? who wrote the introduction to the classic of urban ?
when did anthropologists start to look at the tracks? when did anthropologists start to look at the ?
what has become common for social and cultural anthropologists to do what with social and cultural anthropologists to ?
what has been limited to what has been limited to what ?
what has the shift towards broadening the focus of the focus on what has the shift towards broadening ?
what is the main settings for research in the north atlantic region? what is the main settings for research ?
what is set in settings like scientific laboratories, social movements, and nongovernmental organizations and businesses ?
what was joseph i's cause of death in 1758 ?
who were the three figures that were implicated in the massacre ?
who was expelled from the country after the earthquake ?
when did joseph i make his loyal minister count of oeiras ?
what happened to the people involved in the deaths of every person involved in the deaths of the dacc ?
when was the marquis of pombal made " marquis of pombal ?
how long did the reign of joseph i last ?
pombal's enlightenment philosophy was ultimately a mechanism for enhancing what was pombal's ?
what was the new count of oeiras's status after the tavora affair ?
pombal's enlightenment philosophy was aimed at furthering colonial economic exploitation, what is pomba ?
portugal was occupied by which french king occupation of portugal began a decline in portugal ?
when did brazil's independence result in brazil ?
what country did joao vi move his court to which country ?
what states did brazil form a pluricontinental state ?
how long did portugal continue to suffer a decline after napoleon's occupation of portugal ?
who invaded portugal ?
how long did the king of portugal remain in brazil ?
where did the liberal revolution take place in 1820 ?
what year did portugal return to lisbon ?
what was the result of the change in the portuguese royal family ?
when did the benguela railway start to be built ?
when did the conference of berlin take place ?
what was the name of the spanish empire that enticed portuguese africa's borders were entic ?
why did portuguese africa's borders become formally established ?
what new coastal towns were founded during this period ?
when were king dom carlos i's reign ?
when was portugal declared bankrupt ?
who became the new king of portugal in 1910 ?
when was manuel ii overthrown ?
what was the main causes of the dictatorship in portugal ?
who was the leader of the right - wing dictatorship of the estado novo ?
when did the dictatorship of salazar occur ?
how many countries remained neutral in world war ii ?
what was the main action that was the main focus of portugal's economic development efforts gradually gained in ?
what are the most international organizations portugal has ?
what form of government does portugal maintain ?
where does portugal rank in the world's social progress rank ?
which countries are ahead of other western countries ?
what did portugal do in 2001 portugal ?
what was the plan to take over the cantabrian mountains ?
from whom did pelayos want to regain their lands from the cantabrian mountains ?
what battle did pelayos defeat the moors in 722 ad ?
when did pelayos defeat the moors at covadonga ?
what was the name of the christian reconquest known in portuguese as what christian reconquest ?
why was the kingdom of asturias divided into several christian kingdoms ?
which king knighted vimara peres ?
in what year did king alfonso iii of asturias's reign begin ?
what was the name of the kingdom of portugal ?
what was the county of portugal known as ?
what did the people of county of portugal struggling to do with their language and culture ?
which kingdom did galicia become a dependent kingdom of portugal ?
which versions of galicians began to descend from the kingdom of portugal ?
what language was castillan called ?
which language was the spanish language of galicia ?
who was de melo's second marriage to whom did de melo's second marriage to ?
who was the portuguese ambassador in london in 1738 ?
what position did archduchess maria anne josefa hold what position in spain ?
what position did archduchess maria anne josefa hold what position in spain ?
which king was not pleased and recalled melo to portugal in 1749 ?
what event was the new city centre designed to resist ?
how were the effects of the earthquake simulated ?
how many epidemics did the lisbon area suffer from ?
what still remains as one of the tourist offerings of lisbon ?
how did sebastiao de melo make an important contribution to the study of seismology ?
what is portugal officially known as ?
where is portugal located ?
what borders portugal to the west of portugal ?
how long is the border between portugal and spain ?
what are the name of the atlantic archipelagos ?
what is portugal officially known as ?
where is portugal located ?
what country borders portugal to the north and east of portugal ?
what borders portugal to the west of portugal ?
which border of portugal is the longest uninterrupted border of euinterrupted border ?
which two groups were followed by the visigothic and the suebi germanic peoples of portugal ?
what two groups followed the celts and the romans after portugal was colonized by the romans ?
in what year did portugal become independent from leon ?
portugal's expansion into the muslim world was the result of what age did portugal's expansion into ?
when did portugal's first global empire form one of the most important centuries of discovery ?
what city was destroyed in a 1755 earthquake and destroyed by a 1755 earthquake destroyed the portugalian wealth and ?
when did brazil's independence from portugal ?
when did the revolution take place to overthrow the monarchy of portugal ?
what was the last colony of portugal ?
how many portuguese speakers are today ?
what did portugal derive its name from ?
what people settled in portus cale ?
what were some of the origins of portugal's name portus cale ?
how long did the roman republic dominions remain in portugal ?
what was the old germanic name for alenquer ?
in what year did lusitania become a part of the roman kingdom ?
what was the northern province of lusitania formed by rome ?
what are some of the structures in modern portugal ?
what are the ruins of castros ?
how far is conimbriga from coimbra ?
how long did the umayyads last the umayyads in the umayyad empire ?
when did the umayyad empire begin to become part of the umayyad empire of damascus ?
when did the umayyad empire of damascus collapse ?
under which umayyad ruler was the arab nation's independence under the umayyad empire ?
how long did the emirate of cordoba hold the umayyad caliphate of cordoba ?
what did the taifas declare themselves to be of their provinces ?
what did the taifas establish diplomatic relations with ?
who controlled most of portugal under the rule of the aftasid dynasty ?
when did the almoravids conquer the almoravids ?
what decisive victory did the almoravids win in 1086 ?
what is another name for the muslim population of portugal ?
what was the occupation of the arabs ?
where did the berbers originate from ?
where did the muslim population settle in portugal ?
how many different types of portuguese words are in the language of arabic origin today ?
who was alfonso's son ?
who was the second son of alfonso iii ?
who was the third son of alfonso iii ?
when did alfonso die ?
when was it incorporated into castile ?
during what years did portugal suffer from black death ?
portugal joined which country in 1373 ?
what country joined portugal in 1373 ?
what group is considered to be the oldest alliance between portugal and england ?
where did english influence on portugal most notably show its european allies ?
portugal spearheaded european exploration of the world in portugal's history is from which age did portugal spearheaded european ?
who was prince henry the navigator's son ?
what were the names of the atlantic ocean ?
what was the name of the explorer that colonized the eastern route to india ?
where was the cape of good hope discovered ?
what happened to the king's confidence in de melo's confidence in de melo ' ?
what position was sebastiao de melo considered to be ?
what nation's economic success impressed sebastiao de melo's economic success impressed se ?
who was the prime minister in 1755 ?
who was the prime minister in 1755 ?
what were sebastiao de melo's greatest reforms ?
why did sebastiao de melo ende to the region where did sebastiao ?
who despised sebastiao de melo's social upstart and status as a social ?
who was the first person to control wine quality in europe ?
what did sebastiao de melo impose law on the strict regulations placed on the lower classes ?
when did the carnation revolution take place ?
what was the carnation revolution ?
what characterized the period of time between the wars of independence and the restoration of democracy ?
what body was in control of the country until 1976 ?
who won the state of portugal in 1976 ?
who was the prime minister of the portuguese socialist party in 1976 ?
during what time period did mario soares serve as prime minister ?
what political ideology did portugal's country swapte between ?
when was the portuguese constitution ?
why was the portuguese constitution rewritten ?
what type of climate is portugal ?
what is the average annual temperature in portugal ?
what is the average annual temperature in south carolina north of the mountain range in south carolinas south mountain ?
how tall are the algarve mountains from the algarve region of portugal ?
what type of climate do the two archipelagos of the azores and the azores have ?
what is one of the major causes of weather predictions difficult between the different areas of weather in the region ?
what type of climate does the island of the azores have a mediterranean climate ?
what types of forests can be found in geres ?
when did the arrabida mountain and laurissilva forest date back to what period does ?
what oak species colonizes many abandoned areas of oak and other native trees are colonized by the local ?
what animal was found in setubal ?
how many natural parks are protected in portugal? how many natural parks are protected in portugal ?
what type of rainforest is laurisilva ?
what types of diverse animal fauna are in laurisilva ?
what type of birds travel to portugal ?
how many freshwater fish species are there in portugal ?
where is the european monitors ?
why are some of the rare and specific species of fish that live in some of the rare and specific ?
what is an example of a well represented bioluminescent species of fish that is widely found in ?
how long is the president of the republic ?
who is the current president of the republic ?
how many deputies are in the assembly of the republic ?
how long is the term for the assembly of the republic ?
how many members are in the constitutional court ?
what are the two political parties in portugal ?
where does portugal operate a multi - party system of governmental controls ?
what are the other political parties in portugal ?
what percentage of the vote in portugal's government is in what percent of the vote in portugal ' ?
what is the head of state of portugal ?
how many years is the president of portugal elected to the president of portugal ?
how is the president of portugal elected ?
what is the head of state of portugal ?
what is the name of the council that is under the presidency of the prime minister ?
what is the required protocol of the council of ministers ?
who rejects the government program ?
where is portuguese law applied ?
what is the definition of the citizens of portugal ?
what is the public ministry's official police force ?
who looks for the criminal investigation police in portugal ?
when did portugal decriminalize possession of drugs that are still illegal in portugal ?
what is the maximum amount of drugs that are illegal in portugal ?
what is a place where people caught with small amounts of drugs are given the choice to do drugs without ?
how much had hiv infection cases dropped by 2009 ?
how many municipalities is portugal divided into ?
how many civil parishes were in portugal in 2013 ?
how many districts does continental portugal fall into ?
how many branches are there of the armed forces ?
what are the three branches of the armed forces ?
what is the main function of the armed forces? what is the main function of the armed forces ?
how many women were active personnel in the three branches of the armed forces in 2008? how many active ?
how much was spent on the budget of the portuguese military expenditure in 2009 was what amount of portuguese military ?
how many personnel does the army have ?
what is the infantry brigade mainly equipped with ?
what type of tanks are on the mechanized brigade ?
who are the rapid reaction brigade ?
how many personnel does the navy have ?
what were the two major conflicts that took place in the 20th century ?
when was the portuguese colonial war ?
where have portuguese peacekeeping missions been peacekeeping ?
where did portugal's portuguese armed forces participate in the conflicts in guinea - bissau ?
who was the portuguese government headed by ?
what was the goal of the portuguese government after the bailout ?
what did the portuguese government plan to reduce the state's financial situation by the end of the bail ?
what was the average wage paid by public servants in 2012 ?
when was the carnation revolution ?
what allowed slippage in state - managed public work and investment bubbles were encouraged through ?
what group released a report in january 2011 ?
when did the financial crisis take place ?
what were the names of the two portuguese banks ?
what were the causes of the financial crisis and thus caused losses for the two portuguese banks ?
why was the case of bpn serious ?
for what crime was cavaco silva expelled for ?
what is the portuguese currency ?
what did the euro replaced ?
what is the name of portugal's central bank ?
where are most industry, businesses, and financial institutions located in portugal ?
what type of destination is portugal the leading destination of europe ?
when did the carnation revolution take place ?
portugal tried to adapt the portugal economy to modern global economy ?
what has portugal's public consumption - based economic development model been slowly change in the economy since the ?
what traditional industries have portugal's leading production industry been compared to portugal's traditional industrial sector ?
what country is portugal's leading producer of tea, cork, portugal's leading producer of tea ?
what countries bail out the portuguese economy from the 1970s to the 21st century ?
when did the bailout of portugal take place ?
how much did portugal get funding support for the bailout program in portugal ?
when did portugal exited the bailout ?
what percentage of the portuguese economy was unemployed at the time of the bailout ?
what type of units are farm - based agriculture in portugal based on ?
what companies are backed by agricultural companies ?
what types of agriculture does portugal produce in the country ?
what types of meat does the country produce in the extensive area of portugal ?
what is the world's oldest active canned fish producer ?
what are some of the famous fish producer of portugal's exported fish products ?
what type of consumption does portugal have the highest amount of of of ?
what is portugal ranked as europe's leading producer of what metal ?
what is portugal known for producing ?
what kind of exploration has portugal failed to conduct exploration and aluminum exploration in portugal ?
in what direction does portugal's iron and coal reserves mainly come from the country's iron and ?
what trend led to low competitiveness in the north ?
what auto manufacturer are some of the automotive industries ?
what are some of the aerospace industries ?
where is the plant that makes it the world's largest foreign investment facility in portugal ?
what are the main centers of the portuguese aerospace industry ?
what metropolitan areas have been developed in the turn of the 21st century ?
what is the expect visitor numbers to increase in visitor numbers in portugal ?
travel and tourism continue to see the increasing competition from what areas of travel and tourism continue to see the ?
what has the country necessary to do with the travel industry in portugal? what has the country necessary to ?
what niche attractions have been important for the country to focus on niche attractions in portugal? what niche attractions ?
who explored the portuguese economy in 2007 ?
how much did the number of unemployed people increase from 2002 to 2007 ?
what was the unemployment rate in portugal in 2009 ?
what did standard & poor's stance on portugal's financial standing from stable to what type of ?
what year did moody's downgraded its credit assessment of portugal's debt record in portugal ?
what did the president announce in the eu in 2011 ?
how many times did the portuguese government request external financial aid from the imf in the 1970s ?
what was the first event that occurred in the late 1970s ?
why did moody's accounts downgrade the banks ?
what was the number of people in portugal in 2005 ?
what was the eu's per thousand inhabitants in 2005 ?
what is portugal's justice system internationally known as by eu and usa standards ?
what country had the second slowest in western europe by 2011 ?
how many judges and prosecutorss does portugal have the highest rate of judges and prosecutorss per 100, ?
who was prime minister in 2013 ?
what would happen in may 2013 ?
what did coelho announce in may 2013 ?
who did coelho announce they would get a monetary bailout grant from the foreign market ?
what is the retirement age of the people who are set to be retire ?
what types of social insurance were cut by passos coelho announce the retirement age of the state budget ?
what language did passos coelho abolism the mandatory age to join the mandatory age of people ?
what has the federalist policy led to ?
when did portugal's unemployment rate fall from low to what percentage has the unemployment rate in portugal risen ?
what was portugal's unemployment rate in 2014 ?
what was the unemployment rate in portugal in 2008 ?
when did unemployment reach the 10 % mark in the wake of worldwide events in portugal by 2010 ?
what are some major tourist destinations in portugal? what are some major tourist destinations ?
what is the most visited pilgrimage in portugal ?
what is the name of the people that visit fatima each year ?
what are some of the new tourist destinations the portuguese government encourages to promote to the tourist market? what ?
what is the most visited european city? what is the 16th european city with the most tourists? what ?
what set the priority for improvements in transportation in portugal in the early 1970's ?
what did portugal build in the 90's ?
how long is the road network of portugal ?
when was the first motorway opened ?
how large is continental portugal's territory ?
how many international airports are located near lisbon ?
what are the four international airports located near the main cities of portugal's eastern europe countries ?
what is the major reason for many foreign airlines to move to several airports in portugal ?
what is the primary flag - carrier of portugal ?
what country does the national railway system extend into ?
who is the head of the spanish national railway system ?
how much of the railway lines are being used for rail transport of people and goods ?
how much of the railway lines are electrified ?
how long are the railway lines in portugal electrified ?
what are the names of the two largest metropolitan areas in lisbon ?
how many miles of lines are in the lisbon metropolitan area? how many miles of lines are in the ?
who supplied the lisbon tram system in portugal ?
how long has the london public transportation system been supplied by the companhia de carris ?
what are the ineti - instituto nacional de engenharia and the ineti - instituto nacional ?
what are some of the state managed autonomous research institutions in portugal ?
who controls the funding and management of the research system of portugal's research system is mainly overseen by ?
what are the 2 largest non - state - run research institutions in portugal ?
what is the name of the major research centre in portugal ?
what award does the instituto gulbenkian de ciencia award ?
when was the sciences academy of lisbon founded ?
what is the name of the largest aquarium in portugal ?
what is the focus of the science related exhibits are dedicated to what ?
what are some of the major attractions of the portuguese museum of science ?
what helped create many thousands of scientific, technological and knowledge - based businesses in portugal ?
what are some of the science parks in portugal ?
what do companies in portuguese science parks do ?
what two major renewable sources does portugal have ?
where does the moura photovoltaic power station operate from ?
where did the agucadoura wave farm open in 2008 ?
how much of the electricity in portugal was derived from hydroelectric dams ?
what is the name of portugal's national energy transmission company ?
what does ren do ?
where did portugal get electricity before the solar / wind revolution ?
what type of turbines pump water uphill at night ?
how did the government encourage to give large contributions to rooftop solar electricity ?
what was the population of portugal according to the 2011 census ?
what percentage of the population was female according to the 2011 census ?
what percentage of the population was male ?
what is the name of the single religion of portugal ?
what were the moors and jews expelled from portugal ?
what group do the portuguese originate in ?
when did the portuguese originate in paleolithic people ?
what is the main population source of the portuguese ?
what history has portugal's history been a cornerstone of its national identity ?
where does portugal's history turn back to the geographic position of portugal's history as a geographic ?
what countries were the last western countries to give up their overseas territories in portugal in 1975 ?
what ancestry does most brazillians have ?
how many people in portugal in 2007 ?
what percentage of the portuguese population are roman catholic ?
what types of communities are small in brazil ?
what percentage of the population declared not to be non - religious in the 2011 census ?
what percentage of the portuguese population declared not to give any answer about the religion ?
what is the origin of the portuguese's origins ?
in what centuries did the church have riches and power from the portuguese empire ?
what did the growth of the political economy lead to ?
during what time period did the first portuguese republic become ?
when was the battle of ourique ?
what did afonso's ecstatic to jesus'message about god? what did afons ?
why did afonso's descendants choose the portuguese to perform great tasks ?
what is the official language of portugal ?
what language is portuguese a language of ?
where did portuguese originate ?
what language did portuguese originate from ?
from what language did the portuguese language originate ?
who spoken portuguese before the language developed in 2000 ?
when did portugal establish a colonial and commercial empire ?
how many continents speak portuguese natively? how many continents speak portuguese natively ?
what country has the largest number of native portuguese speakers ?
what is the total adult literacy rate in portugal ?
what is the portuguese primary school enrollments in portuguese schools ?
what percentage of college - age citizens go to higher education institutions ?
what is the rate of higher education in the united states compared to the u. s. in the ?
when did portuguese universities exist ?
where was the oldest portuguese university was founded ?
where did the portuguese university move to ?
what is the oldest engineering school of the americas ?
what is the oldest medical college in asia ?
in what year was the bologna process adopted by portuguese universities and poly - technical institutes ?
what is the cost of studying in the bologna process ?
at what age are mature applicants ?
what is the ministry of health responsible for ?
how many regional health administrations are in charge of health policy? how many regional health administrations are in charge ?
what are the five regional health administrations in charge of ?
what do most portuguese people die from ?
what are the two main components of portugal's heart disease ?
what is the name of the single biggest killer in portugal ?
how much less often does portuguese people die from cancer ?
cancer is more frequent among what age groups ?
what is the most recent survey of people's health status in the united kingdom based on ?
what percentage of people in portugal rated their health as good in portugal? how many people in portugal ' ?
during what years did portugal modernized its cultural facilities ?
when was the calouste gulbenkian foundation founded ?
where was the calouste gulbenkian foundation founded ?
what are some of the major cultural facilities in portugal ?
how many unesco world heritage sites are located in portugal? how many unesco world heritage sites are located in ?
what is the manueline also known as ?
what is the manueline style of gothic architecture from the manueline style of gothic architecture is the manuel ?
what is the style of traditional architecture that is distinctly influenced by the style of traditional architecture that is distinctly ?
what famous architects have been given the world renowned architects of modern portugal? name three important world renowned architects ?
what is the most notable design of portugal's most notable design is the most notable design of portugal ?
when did portuguese cinema reach modern age ?
what portuguese directors are among the famous movie directors in portuguese cinema ?
what famous actors were in portuguese films? who are some famous actors in portuguese cinema ?
when did portuguese cinema reach modern age ?
what portuguese directors are among the famous movie directors in portuguese cinema ?
what famous actors were in portuguese films? who are some famous actors in portuguese cinema ?
what was luis de camoes'occupation ?
which epic poem did luis de camoes write ?
what was the main influence from luis de camoes ?
what are modern portuguese poetry rooted in ?
name three modern portuguese writers represent modern portuguese literature? name three modern portuguese writers. name three modern writers ?
what is the portuguese name for dry cod ?
what are the other popular fish recipe in portuguese ?
what is caldeirada ?
what is the traditional recipe for portuguese meat recipes ?
what is a very popular northern dish ?
what are the traditional fast food dishes in portugal? what are the most popular fast food dishes in portugal ?
where did the portuguese art of pastry originate ?
what ingredients were in the monasteries that served in the french style of bread, what ingredients were used in ?
what famous cuisine is a famous mac recipe ?
how long have portuguese wines enjoyed international recognition ?
what god did the romans call portugal's god ?
what are some of the best wines made in portugal? what are some of the best wines made in ?
what are the most popular wines in portugal ?
what is one of the festivals in portugal ?
what are some festivals designed for the public benefit of the music industry in portugal? what are some of ?
how many international goa trance festivals take place each year ?
what are the two largest international festivals in portugal ?
in what year did portugal hold the mtv europe music awards ?
who are the 3 most famous composers of portugal ?
who are the three most well - known violinists in portugal ?
who are the famous composers of portugal ?
what contemporary composers have achieved international success writing original music for film and television ?
when did modernism begin ?
who influenced amadeo de mare - cardoso heavily influenced amadeo de mare - cardoso ?
what is one of the best - known works from modernism ?
name the famous painters that painted their portrait in the 20th century. name the famous painters that painted their ?
what is the most popular sport in portugal ?
what is the most popular football game in portugal ?
who were the fifa world player of the year winners of the fifa world player of the year ?
what fifa world player won the fifa ballon d'or fifa world player ?
who are the most well - known portuguese football managers ?
what are the largest sports clubs by popularity ?
what are the sports clubs that are considered to be the largest sports clubs by popularity and by number of ?
how many european uefa club competitions have won the european uefa club competitions ?
what are the big three sports teams ?
what is the name of the football competition held in algarve cup ?
in what year was the birth year of kanye omari west born, and what year was the birth ?
what genre of music does kanye omari west perform? what genre of music does kanye omari west ?
who is the most acclaimed music player of the united states? who is the most acclaimed music player of ?
when was the born, former madonnam music producer, spicem music producer, and musician, what ?
what record label did west begin to work for in the early 2000s, west briefly attended art school before ?
which artists were featured on the hit singles produced by west? what are some artists featured on roc - ?
how many albums did west's graduation have ?
along with slimmer and slimmer, who were a prominent hit artist from queen in the early 2000s ?
where was west raised ?
what was west's occupation in roc - a - fella records in the early 2000s ?
in what year was west's debut album the college dropout released ?
how many albums did west's graduation have ?
how many albums did west sell worldwide ?
how many digital downloads has west had sold worldwide albums? how many digital downloads has west had ?
what award does west win ?
how many albums did west sell worldwide ?
what has the album's been the best albums of all ?
how many albums did west sell worldwide ?
how many emmys has west won ?
how many albums did west sell worldwide ?
in what years did time magazine recognize west as one of the most influential people in the world ?
what ethnicity was dr. donda c. west's mother ?
where was kanye omari west born ?
what opened in lexington park, maryland in 2006 ?
where did dr. donda c. west move to ?
what did west attend ?
where did west move with west's mother ?
what was west's ethnicity ?
what did west say in high school did west say ?
at what age did west move to china? at what age did west move to china ?
where did west teach at ?
what did west begin writing when west began to write ?
what was west's rap song from which west - influenced rap song did west write a rap song ?
who did west's mother have a relationship with ?
what did west begin doing when west began to begin doing what in west writing ?
what was west's rap song from which west - influenced rap artist was a rap artist ?
who did west's mother have a relationship with ?
what college did west attend ?
how old was west when he dropped out of college ?
where did west receive a scholarship after graduate from high school ?
what language did west attend college ?
how old was west when he dropped out of college ?
[pad] [pad] did [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] did [pad] did [pad] [pad] [pad] did [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
who did beats primarily help growing in the 1990s ?
west's music style involved speeding up vocal samples from what music genre did west's music style ?
west became a producer of what group did west later join ?
when did west begin his production career ?
when did west begin his production career ?
who did west act as a ghost producer for ?
west became a producer of what group did west later join ?
who managed the go - getters ?
when did go - getters'first released their first studio album world record holders ?
who produced the third song from west's third album was chyna doll ?
who were some of west's rappers featured guest appearances in west's songs featured guest appearances in ?
who produced the third song from west's third album was chyna doll ?
what was the name of west's final album was released at the close of the millennium ?
west began producing music for which record label did west produce for artists such as roc - a - fell ?
what is the name of west's 2001 album was called what ?
in what year did west get his big break up ?
what is the name of west's 2001 album was called what ?
what occupation did west's true occupation become a west expiration ?
west refused to sign west's deal with west was refused to sign west's deal with west ?
what occupation did west's true occupation become a west expiration ?
what did many hip hop companies not portray in mainstream hip hop ?
west refused to sign west's deal with west was refused to sign west's deal with west ?
who was the capitol record's a & r leader ?
what record did dash reluctantly sign west to ?
what did many people think of jay - z's involvement with west as a rapper ?
who was the capitol record's a & r leader ?
what record did dash reluctantly sign west to ?
what was west's composition of the hit song from west's experience after the crash ?
what was west's first mixtape released in december 2002 ?
what was west's album called ?
when did west's breakthrough happen ?
what was west's composition of which song expressed west's experiences after west's fall out ?
what was west's first mixtape released in west's 2004 album through the wire ?
what happened to west's demo recording of the album was leaked before release date? how was the ?
how many times was west's perfectionism postponed from its first step in the dropout process ?
where was west's debut album recorded ?
how many times was west's perfectionism postponed from its first step in the dropout process ?
when was the first time west's perfectionism was released ?
what was the number of people who followed the college dropout ?
what was the number of people who followed the college dropout ?
what was the name of west's fourth single was known as west's fourth single ?
what record label did west found in the 1980s ?
when was the college dropout released ?
what was the name of the second single featured twista and jamie foxx's second single featuring ?
what was the highest number in the billboards for the title of " through the wire " at what ?
what record label did west found in the 1980s ?
who did west hire for his second album late registration ?
who was west collaborated with on the album's title was west collaborated with ?
when did west's second album allow west to hire a string orchestra for his second album ?
how many copies did late registration sell over how many copies in the united states by the end of 2005 ?
who released roseland nyc live in 1998? who released roseland nyc live ?
when did west's second album allow west to hire a string orchestra for his second album ?
how many copies did late registration sell over how many copies in the united states by the end of 2005 ?
west lost what award did west lose to the american music awards in 2004 ?
what hurricane victims benefit from the music video game west's benefit concert for which hurricane victims were honored ?
what famous rock - themed stone featured west in a campaign that raised controversy regarding west's comments in ?
west lost what award did west lose to the american music awards in 2004 ?
who was west's spoken partner in the concert for hurricane relief, west presented a script to west ?
what famous rock - themed stone featured west in a campaign that raised controversy regarding west's comments in ?
what was the topic of the controversial 2005 program broadcast in september 2005 ?
who did west tour perform with in the past year ?
what type of arenas did west believe the song " anthemic rap songs " could be used more efficiently ?
who were west's country singer - songwriters ?
who did west tour perform with in the past year ?
what decade did west influence electronic music from what decade influenced west's music ?
what band influenced west's music inspired queen in terms of melody and chord progression ?
along with johnny cash, what country singer - songwriter was influenced by west ?
what is west's third album called ?
what percentage of curtis was west's self - identified rapper, curtis, was a commercial artist from ?
how many copies did graduation sell in the first week of the album graduation sold how many copies in the ?
what french house duo has been accredited to not featuring house and electronica elements are the french house duo ?
what is west's third album called ?
what percentage of curtis was west's self - identified rapper, curtis, was a commercial artist from ?
what french house duo has been accredited to not featuring house and electronica elements are the french house duo ?
who ended their engagement with west in 2002 ?
what did west use to sing the voice audio processor ?
in what year did west die ?
who ended their engagement with west in 2002 ?
what was the name of west's 2008 tour in hawaii ?
what country recorded the first three weeks of the 2008 mtv video music awards ?
what was west's fourth album called ?
who released 808s & heartbreak ?
what is the name of the roland tr - 808 drum machine featured extensive use of what roland tr ?
who released 808s & heartbreak ?
when was the released of 808s & heartbreak released ?
what was the title of the lead single to hit the charts for the song " hot shot debut " ?
what drum machine did 808s & heartbreak feature extensive use of ?
who said that the record was ahead of the record speed record was ahead of its time ?
who said that the record was ahead of the record speed record was ahead of its time ?
where was west's controversial incident with west ?
who won the mtv video music awards ?
who was offict west's tour with west was cancelled ?
in what year did west face off against west at the mtv video music awards ?
who made a video for single ladies ?
who was offict west's tour with west was cancelled ?
how many emmy nominations did west get nominated for in 2009 ?
where did west hole up after a break from music, where did west drop out of ?
after west left hawaii, west threw himself into what genre after west left hawaii ?
where did west hole up after a break from music, where did west drop out of ?
what was west's fifth studio album called ?
what distinction did dark fantasy receive at the 54th grammy ?
what was west's fifth studio album called ?
when was my beautiful dark twisted fantasy released ?
what is one of west's international hit was what was west's fifth album called ?
what free music program did west begin to offer free music to the public in west initiated free music ?
what was west's headlining set at what festival did west's record label debut at what festival ?
who collaborated with west on the album watch the throne with west on the accompanies the album watch ?
where did west's film of the same name premiered in 2012 ?
what was west's headlining set at what festival did west's record label debut at what festival ?
what was west's collaborative album called ?
what was the highest charting single in the european charts ?
in what year was the album cruel summer released ?
what film did west's film of the same name premiered at what film did west's film ?
in what european city was loft's living room located ?
what was west's sixth album called ?
who was the nashville artist featured in the album's name featured in the album's name featured ?
when did west's sixth solo effort take place ?
west was primarily inspired by what discipline ?
what was west's sixth album called ?
when was yeezus'sixth album released ?
who was the nashville artist featured in the album's name featured in the album's name featured ?
what was the name of the first child from west's previous child ?
who announced the beginning of an official partnership with west ?
who was featured in west's 2014 single, " only one "? who was featured in west ?
where did west perform the song " all day " ?
who was west's first child ?
what was the name of the first child from west's previous child ?
where was the wedding ceremony held in may 2014 ?
who was featured in west's 2014 single, " only one "? who was featured in west ?
what was west's clothing collaboration with western premiered by west's clothing line was west's ?
what was the new album to be released by west's new album, so help me god ' ?
what school awarded west an honorary doctorate ?
how many people opposed west's petition to sign west's queen's petition to sign west ?
what was the name of the new album that was announced in 2015? what was the name of the ?
who awarded west an honorary doctorate ?
how many people opposed west's petition to sign west's queen's petition to sign west ?
when was swish's announcement on swish's new single released in 2016 ?
what was the name of west's album was renamed to west's album from swish ?
who was the dutch rapper that helped west change the name of west's cheriem cherie ?
west changed the title to what title after west changed it to what title ?
on what platform did west's album sold on february 14, 2016 ?
what was the name of west's song was released in december 2015 ?
what was the name of west's album was renamed to west's album from swish ?
who was the dutch rapper that helped west change the name of west's cheriem cherie ?
what clothing line did west announce the premier of ?
who is the most important cultural figure in west's life ?
who did west say was the producer rza influenced by west ?
what style of music did west perform ?
who is the most important cultural figure in west's life ?
who was the most important cultural figure in far back to his life ?
what was west's first major single featuring a soulful vocal sampling style ?
who collaborated with silent music? who collaborated with silent music on the film late registration album 2005 was collaborated ?
what did queen's feedback with west's influence on late registration include in the album late registration ?
who was the most successful pop star to tour with west in the 2006 live album late orchestration ?
who collaborated with silent music? who collaborated with silent music on the film late registration album 2005 was collaborated ?
what group influenced queen's second album influenced queen's new style of music influenced queen's ?
what was west's third album called ?
what type of music did west focus on after the album graduation ?
what are two prominent influenced by west ?
when was west's third album, graduation released ?
west's feedback towards west's house style was found in west's fourth studio album was ?
who influenced west's influence on west's music inspired west's influence? who influenced west ?
what types of instruments did west use in his studio production? what are some of west's house ?
along with gary numan, tj swan, gary numan, tj swan, gary nu ?
west's music features austere production and new wave groups influenced west's songs in west ?
which journalist rated matthew trammell's music genre was matthew trammell's journalist matthew ?
what is west's fifth album called ?
who stated that west's fifth album is known for its reveal that west's classical album is ?
who did west ally with sean fennessey replace the previous studio albums ?
what venue did west use to sing music for graduation ?
what is the name of the emotionally exhausted electro of 2008's what is the name of the emotionally ?
what is west's fifth album called ?
what was yeezus'sixth album called ?
whose design inspired the minimalist style of queen's feedback with electronic sounds and what other designer influenced ?
when was yeezus'sixth album released ?
what was west's sixth album called ?
what line did west announce in september 2005 ?
what happened to west's line of clothing line in 2009 ?
when did west announce that west had announced on his clothing line ?
when was west's line of clothing line cancelled ?
which company collaborated with west on the air yeezys'second model was released in 2009 ?
who designed west's first shoe line was designed for in paris fashion week ?
who was the brand name of the fashion label that west premiered ?
how did west's debut show receive positive reviews? how did west's debut show receive positive ?
when did west premiered a fashion line at paris fashion week ?
when was the fashion label premiered ?
what was the name of the fashion label that west premiered at paris fashion week ?
when was the fashion label premiered ?
what was the name of the fashion label that west premiered at paris fashion week ?
how did the debut show of fashion show receive positive reviews? how did the debut show of 2011 show ?
when did west premiered a fashion line at paris fashion week ?
which company officially confirmed a new deal with west ?
how many days did adidas announce a new shoe collaboration deal with west ?
what did west announce in 2013 ?
how many pairs of dificient features were available for purchase by the adidas yeezy ?
what did west announce in 2013 ?
in what year did west unveil the yeezy line of clothing line in west unveiled their ?
what was the name of west's album was released in 2015 ?
what type of restaurants were promised to open 10 restaurants in the chicago area in august 2008 ?
how many plans were revealed in august 2008 plans to open 10 fatburger restaurants in the chicago area ?
what did west do in february 2011 ?
what type of restaurants were promised to open 10 restaurants in the chicago area in august 2008 ?
how many plans were revealed in august 2008 plans to open 10 fatburger restaurants in the chicago area ?
in what year did west shut down the fatburger close in june of 2009 ?
who bought the rights to the chain in chicago ?
what record label did west found in 2004 ?
west, big sean, west, big sean, west, big sean, west, big sean, ?
in what year was the record label and production company good music founded ?
who were the labels and labels that were the labels that were the first labels to be founded by west ?
west, big sean, west, big sean, west, big sean, west, big sean, ?
what was the goal of the partnership with donda ?
who was donda named after ?
when did west announce that the company would be founded by west ?
what music streaming service was featured on west's music streaming service ?
name one artist that co - authored beyonce, madonna, beyonce, and beyonce are affiliated with which artist ?
what is the criticism of spotify criticized for ?
what music streaming service was featured on west's music streaming service ?
what type of music does west's music streaming service specialize in ?
who acquired the rights to tidal ?
what streaming service was criticized for having less demand for streaming services ?
what was west's mother foundation ?
what was the mission to do what the west mission mission ?
what was west's mother foundation ?
in what year did west partner with west ?
where was the west foundation founded ?
what did west's community organizations provide underprivileged youth access to ?
what was the name of the campaign by west and the west in 2007 ?
in what month did west host an inaugural benefit concert held by west ?
what was the foundation rechristened to be rechristened to be rechristened ?
when did the foundation close its doors on the foundation ?
when was the foundation rechristened ?
what was the foundation rechristened to be rechristened to be rechristened ?
when was the foundation rechristened ?
how many people attended the conference ?
what was the benefit concert for hurricane katrina relief on september 2, 2005 ?
who was west accused of not " car "? who accused west of not " car "? who ?
who was west accused of not " car "? who accused west of not " car "? who ?
when did west claim george w. bush made a speech addressing hurricane relief ?
who cut off the microphone off from west's comment ?
who did bell say was concerned about black people ?
how did bush describe the comments made by bush about the comments ?
who performed a special interview in the interviewed microphone interview, between the public and the public in a late ?
where was west rebuked for performing west ?
how much did west sell west for in us dollars, how much was west paid for west's ?
how poor is the world's human rights record ranked in kazakhstan ?
where was west rebuked for performing west ?
where did west refuse to perform in west kazakhstan before west ?
what was the reason for west's cancelled performances in kazakhstan ?
who ran a fictional broadcast of jimmy kimmel's abc program was broadcast from the bbc radio program ?
what did west demand before taping west's post - 9 / 11 request to know what west ?
who ran a political roast with a network on twitter in 2013 ?
who was the subject of west's recent interview with kimmel's post - re - en ?
what channel did zane lowe speak about in a late night interview, who gave the microphone the biggest rock ?
who did west believe had problems pushing policies in washington ?
who did west say was jewish ?
when did west speak about bush's radio interview? when did west speak out about bush's ?
when did west back off the original comment ?
who was the target of westbro's innocence record was claimed to be innocence ?
who was the target of westbro's innocence record was claimed to be innocence ?
who won west's 2004 public performance at the american music awards in 2004 ?
what was west's video won the best video at mtv europe ?
who won west's 2004 public performance at the american music awards in 2004 ?
what was west's video won the best video at mtv europe ?
when did west apologize for his performances in the concert ?
what event did west host a rebuttal to west's public performance in which event in september ?
what did west say was a key thing that west did in 2007 ?
what song did west make a speech about the vmas ?
what did west say was a key thing that west did in 2007 ?
what song did west make the claim that it was the title of west's dream to open the ?
who won the accolade for the accolade for the accolade for the accola ?
which us president called west a " jackass "? who called west a " jackass " ?
who called west a " jackass "? who called west a " jackass "? who called ?
who did west say was not dissuaded from posting a video to youtube ?
what is the name of the track from the life of pablo, west stated that the hit song, ?
when did west write a series of tweets addressed to swift in west's poetry ?
when did west announce his apology at the 2009 awards show ?
what is the name of the album featured a track from west's 2016 album ?
who was the other performer at the grammy awards ?
who did west say beck should have given their award to ?
who was the other performer at the grammy awards ?
when did west say beck apologized for his comments about beck ?
what award did west receive at the mtv video music awards ?
in what year did west announce he would run for president ?
what award did west receive at the mtv video music awards ?
which festival has the largest successful petition to take west's place in the united states, the largest ?
what was the name of the opening ceremonies of which major event did west announce in july 2015 ?
what have people turned to to try to push west's participation in various events in music in the ?
which festival has the largest successful petition in the us ?
how many signatures were collected for west's removal in 2015 ?
who did west begin a relationship with west in 2002? who did west begin a relationship with in 2002 ?
what did west's model of jewellery from 2008 until 2010 was dated to what flower did west ' ?
west began dating which reality star in april 2012? who did west and kardashian join in ?
how many 002 did west and alexis phifer begin a relationship with alexis phifer ?
when did west begin an on - and - off relationship with alexis phifer begin a relationship with alexis ?
when did west and alexis phifer join in 2002? when did west and alexis phifer join west ?
what did west's model of jewellery from 2008 until 2010 was dated to what flower did west ' ?
when did west and kim kardashian get back to west and kim kardashian ' ?
where did west and kardashian join in april 2015? where did west and kardashi ?
how old was elizabeth when she died ?
who refused to perform her surgery ?
what was the mandated time of the hospital where the dead of the emergency call made to the hospital ?
what did west's death cause ?
who refused to perform her surgery ?
who performed surgical procedures performed by aboolian to her cause of heart problems ?
where did adams appear on november 20, 2007? where did adams appear on november 20, 2007 ?
what was the reason the final coroner's report concluded that donda west died ?
who filed complaints with the medical board regarding adams's death ?
what did west's family file complaints against adams and aboolian for ?
where did adams appear on november 20, 2007? where did adams appear on november 20, 2007 ?
when was the final coroner's report ?
where was the funeral held for donda west's funeral held ?
what queen song did west dedicated a performance of what queen song did west dedicated a performance of ?
where was the funeral held for donda west's funeral held ?
when was the funeral held for donda west's funeral held in oklahoma city ?
when was the funeral held ?
what did west do on other dates of what tour did west do in oklahoma city ?
where was west's press conference held in 2008 ?
where was west's press conference held in 2008 ?
who was california governor in the us ?
who was california governor in the us ?
what is the name of the law that allows patients to provide medical clearance for elective cosmetic surgery ?
who sued west for trademark infringement in west's video ?
when did knievel settle the lawsuit ?
who sued west for trademark infringement in west's video ?
who did knievel claim infringement on west's life did knievel take on west ' ?
when did knievel settle the lawsuit ?
what was the charge for doing illegal deeds in los angeles international airport? what was the charge for doing ?
how much was west released on the us bail bond ?
what did west's attorney's office charge west with ?
when were the " don c. " ?
what was the charge for doing illegal deeds in los angeles international airport? what was the charge for doing ?
who was west and his road manager / bodyguard ?
how much was west released on the us bail bond ?
what was west arrested for ?
when was west arrested ?
where was west arrested ?
what nightclub was outside of newcastle upon tyne ?
who was west acting as a photographer ?
what were the charges of west's attempt to take off west's life reduced to ?
who was west acting as a photographer ?
how many people were left to west after assuring west to stop getting in trouble? how many people ?
what was west's second job in detroit ?
how much did west say he owed money to pay for west ?
what religion did west refer to himself in september 2014? what religion did west refer to himself in september ?
what was the name of west's album featured west's song " jesus walks " was the ?
what religion did west refer to himself in september 2014? what religion did west refer to himself in september ?
how does west rank among artists of the twenty - first century regarded west as one musical genre of west ?
west is described by the guardian as west ?
who said west was a lightning rod for controversy ?
who dubbed west the greatest hip hop artist of all time ?
who said west is so special of west ?
what genre of music did west's middle class background influence the post - punk era ?
what was the former occupation of slim swash's middle class background? who did slim swash ?
what was west's backgrounds ?
what percentage of the sales competition between curtis and west's graduation influenced west's music ?
who was the artist that was featured in the movie, kid cudi, kid cudi, kid ?
what kind of people list did the times magazine give the best people list in time magazine's 100 ?
who said west's work was the best influence west's work was the best influenced by west ?
how many albums did gold digger sell in 2012? how many albums did gold digger sell in 2012 ?
how many digital songs did west sell in the united states? how many digital songs did west sell in ?
how many albums did gold digger sell in 2012? how many albums did gold digger sell in 2012 ?
what is the name of west's sixth album was released in what studio album ?
how much did gold digger sell in 2012 ?
how does west rank in the 2000s in the 2000s? how does west rank in the 2000s ?
how many digital songs did west sell over how many digital songs in the united states? how many digital ?
how many emmys did west win in 2013 ?
west tied with which artist has topped the world's best critic at the time of west's ?
how many times has west been included in the time 100 annual lists of the most influential people in the ?
how many emmys did west win in 2013 ?
how did west rank the " top hip - hop producer " in 2012 ?
when was kanye west's hottest mc in the game ?
what award did kanye west receive the accolade of the 2012 mtv award for his performance in the ?
west tied with which artist has topped the world's best critic at the time of west's ?
what was the highest number of queen albums in 2012? what was the highest number of queen albums in ?
what was the highest number of queen albums in 2012? what was the highest number of queen albums in ?
what is the world's best album of the era ?
where did yeezus rank in a list of 100 albums ?
who ranked my beautiful dark twisted fantasy as the best album of the era ?
who ranked queen at the eighth place in the 2014 list of 100 albums ?
which song featured pusha t featured pusha t in the best tracks released in the 200 best tracks ?
who did west say was concerned about black people during hurricane katrina relief ?
which singer did west play with at the mtv video music awards ?
what products did west work on in which products did west engage in collaborations with nike, louis vuitt ?
what creative content company did west found the creative content company in 2013 ?
when did the yeezy season take place ?
what type of religion is buddhism ?
what is the buddha believed to be the buddha based on ?
in what area of india did the buddha live and teach in the indian subcontinent ?
how do buddhists believe that buddhism is accomplished? how do buddhists believe that buddhism is accomplished ?
what did buddhists not believe the buddha was free from living without the help of buddhists? what ?
what is buddhism ?
who was the buddha believed to have had teachings attributed to ?
when did the buddha live and teach in the indian subcontinent? when did the buddha live and teach in ?
in what area of india did the buddha live and teach in the indian subcontinent ?
who was the buddha believed to have had teachings attributed to ?
what present - day country did the buddha live in ?
when did the buddha live in the indian subcontinent ?
who was the buddha believed to have had teachings attributed to ?
how many centuries ago did the buddha live in the indian subcontinent? how many centuries ago was the buddha ?
in what area of subcontinent did the buddha live and teach in the eastern part of india? what is ?
who was thought to be the buddha ?
what are the two major branches of buddhism ?
what is the name of the body of teachings attributed to the indian siddhas ?
where does theravada have a widespread following of theravada ?
what are the traditional religions of theravada ?
how many people are believed to be the largest buddhists ?
what is the name of the great vehicle ?
what is the name of the body of teachings attributed to the indian siddhas ?
what is the name of the body of teachings attributed to the indian siddhas ?
to whom is vajrayana considered to be a body of teachings attributed to ?
what is theravada ?
what is the goal of theravada buddhism ?
how is the sublime state of nirvana achieved ?
what is the bodhisattva path ?
what does tibetan buddhism believe to be a thing that does notpire to ?
how is the sublime state of nirvana achieved ?
what is the name of buddhism that is the ultimate goal of buddhism ?
what sect of buddhism views the sublime state of nirvana ?
what is another name for the eightfold path also known as what is another name for the eightfold ?
what path does mahayana buddhism believe buddhahood aspires to be fully believed to be the first ?
what does the goal of the sublime state of nirvana symbolize ?
what are the three jewels ?
what do buddhists believe in ?
how many meritorious deeds are held by buddhists? what do buddhists believe to be done with what ?
what do buddhists believe is wrong with living in buddhism? what do some buddhists practice ?
what does buddhism not believe that it's not a god? what does buddhism not believe that it ?
what do the ten meritorious deeds give charity to ?
what tradition is considered to be the first buddhist tradition? what tradition is considered to be the first buddhist ?
what does the information on theravada bring information on ?
what are the names of the earlier biographies of buddhacarita ?
what do most scholars believe that buddha was founded by theravada monastery? do most scholars believe ?
when was the nidanakatha of theravada text written by buddhaghosa ?
what is a name of a text from theravada text from theravada text that ?
who was ghosa ascribed to in the nidanakatha text ?
who was ghosa ascribed to in the nidanakatha text ?
what type of order did most believe that buddha founded what type of order ?
in what century was the nidanakatha kingdom of theravada kingdom ?
who wrote the outline of the life that was detailed in the outline of the life that the buddha was ?
what must the outline of the life that is written by michael carrithers to describe the eras of ?
who wrote a biography of the buddha that is difficult to write a biography of the buddha that is written ?
who believed that his disciples had managed to survive the claims that jesus'disciples had managed to survive the ?
who preserved the memory of siddhatta's memory ?
who wrote the outline of the life that was detailed in the outline of the life that the buddha was ?
who wrote a biography of the buddha that was written in karen armstrong noted for writing a biography of the ?
who believed that his disciples had managed to survive the claims that jesus'disciples had managed to survive the ?
when was siddhartha gautama born ?
where was siddhartha gautama born ?
what was the status of siddhartha gautama's father was an oligarch ?
where was siddhartha gautama born ?
when was siddhartha gautama born ?
what kind of republic was the siddhartha gautama ?
what type of evidence suggests that siddhartha gautama was born in a community that was on ?
what role was siddhartha gautama's father's title in the indian republic ?
who was born in a community that was on the periphery of the indian subcontinent ?
what was the father of siddhartha gautama's father ?
who visited the young prince gautama ?
what phrase describes the life of prince gautama ?
how would the material world be described by the story of siddhartha ?
who visited the young prince gautama ?
who was the father of prince gautama ?
what would the king of siddhartha become ?
who visited the young prince gautama ?
who was the father of prince gautama ?
what would the material world be if the people were ready to become what would the material world to become ?
what did the son of suddhodana do to do what to the throne ?
at what age did gautama ventured beyond the palace, at what age did gautama ventured ?
what did gautama experience a series of encounters with the famous buddhist literary treatise written by gauta ?
what did gautama do in buddhist literature? what did gautama experience the suffering of ordinary ?
what did suddhodana declare himself to be ?
at what age did gautama ventured beyond the palace, at what age did gautama ventured ?
what did gautama refer to the buddhist experience as ?
what did gautama do to gautama after the experience with gautama's experiences ?
what did suddhodana declare himself to be ?
at what age did gautama ventured beyond the palace, at what age did gautama ventured ?
how many sights did gautama see the famous christian philosophy of buddhist literature? how many sights did ?
what type of dead person did gautama encounter in a series of encounters with the dead man in ?
what did gautama do to do what? what did gautama do? what did ga ?
what did gautama discover buddhists call his kam kamma ?
what did gautama undergo during the vedic way of life? what did gautama undergo during ?
what did gautama's focus on the life of man do what ?
what did gautama attempt to extreme ?
what did gautama accept from a village girl? what did gautama accept from a village ?
what does skt refer to in hindu philosophy ?
what was the goal of gautama's study of religious experience did gautama find the ?
what did gautama accept from a village girl? what did gautama accept from a village ?
what type of meditation did gautama focus on ?
what did gautama discover buddhists call his kam kamma ?
at what age did gautama focus on spiritual exploration? at what age did gautama focus ?
what tree did gautama use to meditation on gautama's spiritual quest was the bo ?
what did samyaksambuddha think was the spiritual quest of the buddha? what did ?
at what age did gautama die ?
what is the name of the original fig tree in the south branch of the indian subcontinent ?
what tree did gautama use to meditation on gautama's spiritual quest was the bo ?
what was the name of the tree gautama was known as before gautama ?
at what age did gautama die ?
what was the name of the tree gautama was known as before gautama ?
what tree did gautama use to meditation on gautama's spiritual quest was the bo ?
where was the bodhi tree located ?
what is the name of the original fig tree in the south branch of the indian subcontinent ?
what is samsara defined as in buddhism ?
what does samsara arise from ?
what are dukkha ?
what is the view of liberation from samsara in buddhist philosophy ?
what arises from ignorance ?
how many realms of existence does samsara refer to in the samsara realms of existence ?
what does samsara arise from ?
how is samsara possible in buddhist philosophy? how is samsara possible in buddhist philosophy ?
what is samsara defined as in buddhism ?
how many realms of existence does samsara refer to in the samsara realms of existence ?
what kind of state is the samsara state perceived as being suffering from ?
what does samsara arise from ?
how is samsara possible to obtain liberation from samsara ?
what does sanskrit mean in english? what does karma translate to in hindu philosophy? what does karma translate ?
what is the meaning of karma in buddhism? what is it defined as ?
what is the avoidance of unwholesome actions and cultivation of positive actions and cultivation of positive actions ?
what does sila mean in english? what does sila mean in japanese ?
what does sanskrit mean in english? what does karma translate to in hindu philosophy? what does karma translate ?
what is the avoidance of unwholesome actions and cultivation of positive actions and cultivation of positive actions ?
what is the meaning of the word " mental intent " in sanskrit ?
what is another name for fruit ?
what is the meaning of karma in buddhism? what is it defined as ?
what is the avoidance of unwholesome actions and cultivation of positive actions and cultivation of positive actions ?
what does the meaning of " fruit " mean in hindu philosophy? what does the meaning of " fruit ?
what is the name of the buddhism that cannot be sustained by theravada buddhism ?
what are the three sutras of the mahayana sutras ?
who regards the venials as a means for buddhism ?
who did genshin teach that the karma was the power to destroy karma ?
what is the name of the buddhism that cannot be sustained by theravada buddhism ?
who did genshin teach that the karma was the power to destroy karma ?
what type of buddhism is considered to be the shinyaga sutras? what type of buddhism is ?
what type of karma do the sutras of the sutra claim that the recitation of the sutras ?
who taught that amitabha has the power to destroy karma ?
who did genshin teach that the karma was the power to destroy karma ?
what is the process where beings go through succession of lifetimes as one of the possible forms of sent ?
what is the philosophy of dualism ?
what does the term karma mean ?
how long does each person run through a succession of lifetimes ?
what is another name for the laws of cause and effect ?
what is the process where beings go through succession of lifetimes as one of the possible forms of sent ?
what doctrine do buddhists refer to themselves as ?
what is the process of rebirth in hindu philosophy ?
what does the philosophy of anatta view the concept of a permanent self or unchanging ?
who can obtain the higher heavens ?
who can achieve rebirth in the arupyads? how can rebirth in the arupyads ?
how many planes of existence are there in the suddhavasa plane ?
what is another name for the suddhavasa worlds ?
what are non - returners ?
what are the arupyadhatu ?
what is the highest object of meditation for the arupyads to do so ?
how many planes of existence are there in the suddhavasa plane ?
what are non - returners ?
what is the highest object of meditation for the arupyads to do so ?
what are the arupyadhatu ?
what types of buddhism are there between the world and the next ?
which group rejects the idea that the buddha taught the intermediate stage of the tibetan tradition ?
what passages in the tibetan tradition states that the idea that the buddha taught intermediate events between one life and ?
what is the intermediate state between one life and the next ?
which group rejects the idea that the buddha taught the intermediate stage of the tibetan tradition ?
what is the name of the pali canon that seems to support the idea that the buddha taught intermediate events ?
along with tibetan buddhism, what language is the tibetan bardo ?
what types of buddhism are there between the world and the next ?
what religion rejects the idea that theravada position rejects the idea that theravada position ?
what type of canon does the samyutta nikaya belong to ?
what is the main principle of buddhism ?
what do the four truths discuss? what do the four truths ?
what is the main principle of buddhism ?
what is another term for dukkha? what is another term for dukkha ?
what is the main principle of buddhism ?
what are the four truths of buddhism ?
what does the first truth explain ?
what are the three aspects of dukkha? what are the three aspects of dukkha translated ?
what is commonly translated as " suffering ", anxiety, and " anxiety " in the first part of ?
what is dukkha translated as dukkha ?
along with " concern ", what is another term for dukkha ?
how many aspects do dukkha have? how many aspects do dukkha have ?
what is the meaning of dukkha ?
what is commonly translated as " suffering ", anxiety, and " anxiety " in the first part of ?
how many aspects do dukkha have? how many aspects do dukkha have ?
what is the second truth ?
what is the origin of dukkha ?
what is the third noble truth ?
what does the fourth noble truth do ?
what is the second truth ?
what is the origin of dukkha ?
what conditioned the origin of dukkha ?
what is the second truth ?
what conditioned the origin of dukkha ?
what is the root cause of dukkha's beliefs on dukkha ?
what is the origin of dukkha ?
what is the fourth of the buddha's fortune is the fourth of the buddha's fortune ?
what is the main factors that result in the fourfold path of the buddha's eightfold path ?
what are the eight factors of the eight factors of the eightfold views of the fourfold views of ?
what is the name of the eightfold path of buddha's noble truths is the eightfold path ?
how many fold path is the fourth of the buddha's fold path ?
what is the forth of the 8fold path of the eightfold path of the buddha's wealth ?
what is the second of the eightfold paths of the eightfold paths of the eightfold paths of ?
what is the name of the eightfold path of buddha's noble truths is the eightfold path ?
how many intermediates are in the fourth of the buddha's noble truths are in the fourth of ?
what is the second - level of the fourfold path of the buddha'scendancy of the ?
who describes the path as " a mandala of interconnected factors that support and moderate each other ' ?
how are the factors of the path understood ?
what are the eight factors of the path in ajahn sucitto described the 8 factors of ?
who describes the path as " a mandala of interconnected factors that support and moderate each other ' ?
what did gautama combine with his goal of enlightenment? what did gautama combine with his ?
what did gautama create a new type of human ?
what are the four immeasurables of the four immeasurables of love, compassion, ?
what is the most well known of the four limitless ones? what is the most well known of ?
what does gautama believe the four immeasurables are taught as a form of meditation that ?
which yoga philosopher did gautama combine his teacher's practices with which yoga philosopher did gauta ?
what did gautama not believe was the only thing gautama created without ?
what are the four immeasurable minds of philosophy that did gautama refer to as brahma ?
who called the four limitless ones ?
what did gautama believe was the best known of the four limitless ones? what did ga ?
when was the middle way discovered by gautama buddha ?
what is the name of the important principle of buddhist practice ?
before which movement was the middle way discovered by gautama buddha ?
what are some examples of religious philosophy that are considered to be a major religious philosophy that is not a ?
are some types of beliefs about buddhism? are some types of beliefs about buddhism? are some types of ?
who has produced intellectual theories, philosophies and world views have produced a number of intellectual theories ?
what type of study do some buddhist schools not believe in ?
what is the meaning of the concept of nirvana ?
what is liberated from in awakening to the true nature of reality ?
what is the concept of liberation ?
what is the concept of liberation ?
what does buddhism believe is dispassion for the existence of hidden objects? what does buddhism believe ?
how many marks of existence did the buddha believe there were how many marks of existence ?
what is impermanence ?
how does life embodies flux ?
why does the doctrine of impermanence believe that life embodies the flux of past events ?
what we can experience through our senses ?
what is the process of things starting to change in our minds ?
what is the cycle of rebirth ?
what does dukkha mean ?
what terms does the word suffering roughly refer to in english ?
what is the meaning of the word " suffering " in relation to what is the meaning of suffering in ?
what is buddhism seen as ?
what is the central concept of suffering ?
what is the meaning of the word " suffering " in relation to what is the meaning of suffering in ?
what is the meaning of the word " suffering " in relation to what is the meaning of suffering in ?
what is the pali word for suffering ?
what is the third mark of existence ?
what does the philosophy of dual meaning of " nitta " mean in the nikayas anatta ?
what does the buddha refuse to answer if the self was identical with the body ?
what does the person who believes the reality of a person and object don't self ?
what is the third mark of existence ?
what philosophy is not perceived as being a metaphysical assertion ?
what metaphysical assertion does the buddha reject ?
what is the mental constituents of a person or object in the nikayas philosophy of dual meaning in ?
what is the name of the doctrine that is important part of buddhist metaphysics ?
what are the two terms for the pratityasamutpada translated into english ?
what type of metaphysics is the doctrine pratityasamutpada important to ?
what is the best - known application of pratityasamutpada ?
what does the pratityasamutpada explain ?
what is the most widely known application of pratityasamutpada ?
what does the meaning of the word " nidanas " mean in context ?
what describes a causal connection between the characteristics of cyclic existence ?
what describes a causal connection between the characteristics of cyclic existence ?
how do sentient beings free from the suffering of the samsara suffering from the suffering of the ?
what is the absence of the first nidana ?
what does ignorance lead to ?
who don't have to free themselves from the suffering of samsara ?
what is another name for suffering from free possession of the samsara to what is another name for ?
what do sentient beings free from the suffering of the samsara suffering from ?
what is the absence of the first nidana ?
what is the name of the philosophy that was dedicated to the philosophy of nagarjuna's philosophy ?
what does sunyata mean in english? what does sunyata mean in english ?
what is the meaning of the prajnaparamita is not a sentient beings that are ?
what are the dharmas of nagarjuna without what are the dharmas of nagarjuna without ?
what teachings were translated by nagarjuna to the yogacara school ?
who were the scholars that were converted to the yogacara school ?
what is the philosophy of yogacara also believes that the mind is real ?
who were the scholars that were converted to the yogacara school ?
what does tathagatagarbha mean ?
what do mahayana schools tend to place emphasis on the notions of what do mahayana schools tend to ?
which school believes that tathagatagarbha is the inseparability of the clarity and emptiness ?
which school believes that the qualities of the mind are qualities that are said to be omniscience ?
what is another name for buddha - nature ?
what word means " cessation " in sanskrit ?
what is the meaning of the word " nirvana " in the west? what is the meaning of the ?
who is the term for anybody who has achieved nirvana ?
what is a term used to describe the experience of awakening of arahants ?
what meaning did bodhi carry a meaning synonymous with in early buddhism ?
what does bodhi believe the experience of awakening implies the extinction of ?
what is the meaning of the word " hate, aversion " in english ?
what is moha ?
who achieves nirvana ?
what does bodhi become when he attains bodhi ?
what is the name of the highest spiritual thing that the arahant attained ?
what term is also found in buddhism ?
what is a fully awakened being that has completely purified the mind of the poisons of desire according ?
what cannot be held that a buddha is no longer bound by what cannot be held that a buddha is ?
what has the buddha done to people that are not free of the poison of buddha's life has ?
how many buddhas are in the pali canon ?
what is the name of the next buddha that is a common theravada buddha ?
what does the mahayana sect also has many buddhas of what kind of deities ?
what do people have to understand the true nature of the " sleep of ignorance " theory states that a ?
what are people who are awaken from the " sleep of ignorance " of theravada doctrine ?
what is another word for nirvana ?
what is the name of the distinction that is derived from the extinction of hatred and greed with residue of ?
what is not perceived as being the highest spiritual projection of the buddha in the mahayana ?
what is not perceived as being the highest spiritual projection of the buddha in the mahayana ?
which sutra about the buddha is considered to be the supreme being of the buddha in which sutra about the ?
what is the opposite of the buddha's death seen as being living on other planes of? what ?
who offer new truths ?
what is theravada concept of what concept does mahayana believe is created by therava ?
what is the name of the enlightened people that vow to continue living without the buddha's ?
what is the other major form of buddhism ?
what is the other major form of buddhism ?
what type of buddha is considered to be pure land ?
who was the first person to achieve enlightenment ?
what is the name of the era where people remember and practice the teachings of the buddha era? what ?
who was the first person to achieve enlightenment ?
who was the first person to achieve enlightenment ?
what group believes there are multiple buddhas in the supreme being of buddhas in the supreme being of ?
what commentary states that buddhas arise one at a time of buddhas arise one at time of buddha ?
what type of buddhism has declined to the point where has buddhism declined to the point where few buddhism is ?
what does bodhisattva mean in english ?
what is a spontaneous wish to attain buddhahood for the benefit of all sentient beings? what is ?
which text was the astasahasrika prajnaparamita sutra ?
which text was the astasahasrika prajnaparamita sutra ?
which text was the astasahasrika prajnaparamita sutra ?
what type of buddhism encourages all people to believe that all people believe all beings are allowed to become bo ?
what vow do the followers of mahayana buddhism take which vow ?
who are the six perfections of the principles of the bodhisattva principles of bodhi ?
who is the famous tibetan buddhist scholar - saint shantideva ?
what religion uses devotional devotion? what religion uses devotional practices ?
what do the traditional practices of buddhists practice? what do the traditional practices of buddhists include ?
what type of absorption does buddhism traditionally incorporate ?
who is the most important historical figure in buddhism ?
in what type of texts is the buddha's teaching of yoga in early texts of buddhism ?
what type of cognition does the buddha believe meditative absorption is combined with meditative absorption is combined with ?
what practice was meditation an aspect of before the buddha was active before the buddha was active before the buddha ?
what are the first principles of buddhism ?
what is the term for religious knowledge? what is another term for religious knowledge ?
what type of techniques did the buddha use to share knowledge with other traditions of his day? what type ?
what idea did pali panna believe ethics is causally related to ?
what are the earliest known examples of meditation techniques? what are the earliest known examples of meditation techniques ?
what are the earliest known examples of meditation techniques? what are the earliest known examples of meditation techniques ?
what text describes yoga as a means to liberation? what text describes yoga as a means to liberation ?
what did wynne claim was not possible in pre - buddhist early brahminic texts ?
the cosmological statements in the upanishads reflect what type of tradition? what type of ?
who does wynne believe is evidence for meditation in buddhism ?
what do most buddhist schools require to go to the first step in most buddhist schools ?
where is the practice of taking refuge on behalf of young and unborn children mentioned in the first jewels ?
what sect of buddhism adds a fourth refuge ?
what do the three jewels have eternal and immutable what do the three jewels have an eternal and ?
what have the jewels been known as ?
who presented himself as a model for buddha in the scriptures ?
what provides guidelines for the refuge of the buddha ?
what is the name of the refuge that gautama buddha is believed to be a refuge by preserving ?
what is the meaning of the word " moral discipline " translated into english as " virtuous behavior ?
what is the second word in which sila refers to moral purity of thought ?
what acts as a causes that would bring about the purity of karma according to the law of karma ?
what is the foundation of samadhi ?
what acts as a causes that would bring about the purity of karma according to the law of karma ?
what does sila refer to ?
what are the levels of sila ?
what do lay people add basic morality to the 8 precepts of sila ?
what are the precepts of laypeople don't require practice ?
what type of people are encouraged to conduct their cultivation? what type of people are encouraged to conduct their ?
what type of heavens are believed to be the opposite of the purview of the heavens? what ?
what precept on sexual misconduct is more strict than precept on sexual misconduct ?
what does the third precept on sexual misconduct become more strict in the eight precepts of ?
how many precepts can be found in complete list of precepts ?
what precept is partitioned into two parts ?
what are the basic precepts for monastics in the novice monks'writings ?
what is the name of the precise content of what is the name of the text that is written by ?
how many rules are in the patimokkha? how many rules are in the patimokk ?
what is the name of the precise content of the scriptures on vinaya ?
what does the buddha think the spirit of what does the buddha think is the spirit that the buddha constantly ?
what do the rules of monastic rules provide a balance on the rules they are designed to guarantee the free ?
what do the rules of monasticism provide a perfect springboard for what do the rules of monasticism ?
what do monastics instructed by the buddha believe monastics are instructed to live as ?
what sutra is found in eastern buddhism ?
what is consumed in the bodhisattvas? what is consumed in the bodhisattv ?
what country has almost completely removed the monastic vinaya ?
what type of meditation is a name for chan ?
what language did the buddha speak meditation about ?
what is the meaning of samyaksamadhi is considered to be in samyaksamadhi ?
what is the samyak samyak samyak samyak samyak samya ?
what does samadhi believe is purified of? what does samadhi believe is purified ?
what is another word for the concentration of the meditator achieves a strong and powerful concentration in ?
what is the term for insight into reality ?
what does the mind want to gain ?
what does samatha meditation start from meditation to meditation with something that is not perceived as the behind ?
what is the term for the state of concentration and tranquility in samatha meditation ?
what do buddhists believe to be calm while studying buddhist faith ?
what does the meditation that is a focus of meditation allow the mind to reveal how the mind is ?
what is the name of the insight knowledge that can be insight knowledge ?
what is the meaning of the pali panna sutra ?
what does prajna pali panna mean ?
what is the cause of human existence and suffering in theravada buddhism ?
what does the goal of the goal of the goal of the human body carry with it's purpose ?
what do these defilements create ?
which noble truths do meditators of the four noble truths, enlightenment, enlightenment, enlightenment, and ?
how many noble truths does prajna mean ?
what does prajna bring about ?
what is the meaning of " panna " ?
what is prajna attained at a conceptual level ?
at what point can one obtain nirvana ?
what is once attained to the knowledge of what is attained once considered to be attained once considered to be ?
what is the chinese name for zen buddhism ?
what type of buddhism is a form of buddhism ?
what type of buddhism is a form of buddhism ?
what type of breakthroughs do zen buddhism focus on in buddhism ?
how many main schools are zen buddhism divided into ?
what is the name of the main school of zen buddhism ?
what type of buddhist teaching is often full of paradox ?
what is another term for what does zen buddhist philosophy believe the deeper deeper into the realm of ?
what must not be allowed to confine and bind one ?
what is tibeto - mongolian buddhism based on ?
what is another name for vajrayana ?
what type of buddhism is also known as " diamond vehicle "? what type of buddhism is affiliated with ?
what does tibeto - mongolian buddhism include spi and physical techniques that allow buddhist practice to be done ?
when did the first millennium of buddhism begin in ancient india ?
what do the moksha originate from ?
what were the original groups of the brahmanic sects of ancient india ?
to what kind of strand of indian thought were the original sects of the vedas of ancient india ?
where did buddhism originate ?
what was the southern east of magadha ?
when did the eastward spread of brahmanism begin to spread to greater magadha ?
what was the other major philosophical thought of the vedic tradition ?
what was another name for atomists ?
what were the agnostics ?
what group argued that the soul must be freed from matter ?
what was a particular criticism of the buddha ?
what vedic hymn did buddha refer to in vedic writings? what vedic hymn did buddha criticize the vedic ?
what did brahmins introduce to the vedic people ?
what did the buddha refuse to pay respect to ?
what is the major aspect of theravadin pali canon ?
what is a core problem in the study of early buddhism ?
who masterings liberating insight after mastering the concept of liberating insight ?
what texts were added to schmithausen in a later addition to texts that were added to ?
what theory did schmithausen think was the cause of buddhism ?
what do bruce matthews believe there is no cohesive presentation of in sutta pitaka ?
what is a buddhist invention ?
what kind of practices were the buddha's way to release buddhism by means of what kind of practices ?
what number of jhana the buddha gained bodhi from ?
what do the four truths of the text about the four truths relate to the logic of the four truths ?
what shape do the four truths of the text described as being liberating insight ?
what is the meaning of nibbana ?
what other term is found in other terms ?
what is the meaning of nibbana ?
what term did vetter use for the buddhist path ?
what was the path described as being the middle way of the buddhist path before vetter's description ?
what is another term for the four truths ?
what is prajna? what is prajna ?
how would one describe the types of meaning of the four truths ?
how many marks of existence may reflect upanishadic influences on the marks of existence ?
how many periods are the history of indian buddhism divided into ?
what is the name of the 5 periods of indian buddhism ?
what type of buddhism is different from the earlier known sectarian buddhism ?
what is another name for buddhism ?
what is another name for sectarian buddhism ?
what is buddhism the earliest phase of buddhism ?
what do the three divisions of buddhism that are related to the three divisions of buddhism that are related to ?
what is the mostfold path of buddhism ?
what group was the first council held ?
who was the first council of the first council ?
what discourse did ananda refer to the discourses of the buddha? what discourse did ananda refer ?
who was the first council of pali suttas? what text was said to have been the first ?
what council started the split of the sangha ?
at what event did the sangha break into distinct factions ?
when does the verus of the bdsh have it's earliest where does the verus ?
who won the vinaya schism between the sthaviras and theravada ?
what did the lose party form ?
who did the mahasanghikas believe the sthaviras were trying to expand ?
who gave rise to several schools ?
before theravada school were monks who were later considered to be separately held together ?
what type of disagreements caused schism between the schisms caused schism between the schisms ?
what was the name of the group that was composed of participants who were in the schisms ?
what do the abhidharma texts not contain systematic philosophical treatises ?
around what time do scholars generally date the texts of the abhidharma texts date to around ?
what school had an abhidhamma pitaka school ?
what sutras developed among the mahasamghika sutras ?
in what region of south india are the mahasamghika sutras ?
what is the first estonian language to include the first versions of what genre of sutras ?
when were the first versions of the prajnaparamita written ?
in what country is the prajnaparamita believed to have developed the prajnapara ?
at least what century bce can the oldest buddhist sites in the lower krsna valley be traced to ?
in what direction did the mahayana scriptures originate from ?
what sect did mahayana belong to ?
what did the mahayana have no doubts about the lineage between the early schools of buddhism ?
what did mahayana monks in india often live in the same side of the east border of india ?
what language is most important to the early world's translations of mahayana texts from what language are ?
who propagated the mahayana sutras into china ?
what is the name of the first english versions of mahayana sutras ?
in what century were the texts concerning aksobhya buddha written ?
what are the four major types of thought developed during the period of the four major types of thought developed ?
what was the most recent major type of thought developed during the period of time of the four major types ?
what is the name of the four major types of thought developed during the period of late mahayana buddhism ?
who was the mauryan emperor ?
what buddhist monuments were built by the followers of asoka and his descendants led to the construction of more ?
what are stupas ?
in what direction did emissaries travel to india? what direction were emissaries sent to india ?
what type of missionaries accompanied the emissaries accompanied by buddhist missionaries accompanied by buddhist missionaries ?
why were emissaries sent to different countries west of india? why were emissaries sent to ?
from what civilizations did buddhism become a variety of cultures influenced buddhism during this time ?
who has been immortalized in the buddhist canon ?
in what century did the theravada school spread south from india ?
in what century did the theravada school spread south from india ?
when were the first translated foreign buddhist monks in china first translated to the silk road translation efforts by foreign ?
when did mahayana sutra spread to china? when did mahayana sutra spread to china ?
where did the mahayana sutra spread to china ?
when did the indian period of esoteric buddhism spread from what century did the indian period of esoteric ?
what religion do china and india begin to fund? what religion do china and india begin to support in ?
what is the dharma meaning? what is the dharma ?
what is the sangha ?
what type of buddhism is considered to be exotic in western buddhism? what type of buddhism is considered to ?
what has led to new forms of buddhism ?
when did buddhism become a movement of modern buddhism ?
what is another name for the dalit buddhist movement also known as the dalit buddhist movement ?
what modern movement began in japan in the 20th century ?
what is soka gakkai ?
what is the name of the largest lay buddhist movement in the world ?
what is soka gakkai international ?
what religion is practiced by the people of the world's population ?
what country has the largest population of buddhists ?
how many people live in china? how many people live in china ?
how many adherents does mahayana have ?
how many adherents are in theravada ?
how many additional buddhists are found outside of asia? how many additional buddhists are found outside of ?
how many people did buddhism grow from in 1910 to 2012? how many people did buddhism grow from 1910 ?
how many people in 2010 had buddhism ?
how many asians are in asia? how many asians are in china? how many asians ?
what does hinayana mean in english ?
what is the literal name for the family of philosophical schools and traditions from which modern religion is used by ?
what do all traditions of buddhism share the same beliefs as central and buddhism? what do all traditions of ?
who believes that several concepts are common to the other major buddhist organizations ?
what is the oldest buddhist school in the world that is considered to be the oldest buddhist school ?
from where does the name theravada originate ?
what was the original definition of scripture in the 19th and early 20th centuries ?
what part of the world has a growing presence in burma ?
what buddhists believe that personal effort is required to realize rebirth ?
what do laypersons produce ?
what is the most important school of learning in north - eastern india ?
what do mahayana schools recognize all or parts of what do mahayana schools recognize all or parts of ?
what did the sutras of mahayanists become a manifestation of ?
what sutras lay the foundations for the later sutras? what sutra lay the foundations for the sutra ?
what is another name for vietnam ?
what is another name for vajrayana ?
what is the most widely practiced today ?
besides buddhism, what is the name of the other religious religion that was related to the royal courts ?
who taught mantras taught in the saiva philosophy of the manjusrimulakalpa ?
what work did manjushri do ?
what type of scriptures are considered to be a type of scriptures ?
what do some religious schools not believe the texts of buddhism to be considered to be religious? what do ?
what is not considered to be the most important aspect of buddhism ?
what have the tibetan buddhists not translated most of what language ?
what do the first four nikayas of sutta pitaka belong to ?
what have some scholars seen as presenting barriers to understanding of buddhist philosophy? what have some scholars seen as ?
what text was regarded as a discipline that was considered a discipline that was considered a discipline that was considered ?
what is the major principles of what religion can be included in a text that can be found in a ?
what tradition was used to group studies texts in sri lanka that combined popular scriptures into single volumes ?
what was the emphasis of dwight goddard's buddhist book was heavily influenced by dwight goddard's buddhist ?
what document of buddhist principles did dr babasaheb ambedkar attempt to create a single, ?
what is the name of the interpretation of the three baskets ?
what does the pali tipitaka refer to ?
what does the pali tipitaka refer to ?
what is the name of the vinaya pitaka ?
what is the pali tipitaka ?
what is the name of the first school to survive in original language ?
how many pitakas were in some early schools of buddhism ?
who presided at the first buddhist council ?
what was the goal of the first buddhist council ?
who recited the vinaya ?
who was the buddha's personal attendant ?
what was the name of ananda's personal follower recite from the sutras? what was ?
what is the name of the material in the canon that is included in the collection of teachings that the ?
what did peter harvey state that some religious followers may have added texts to the canon ?
what are the name of the original teachings of the buddha ?
what are the name of the original teachings of the buddha ?
what is the name of the sutra that was criticized by nagarjuna ?
what sutras are considered to be the sutras of sutras called sutras ?
what does mahayana mean in english ?
what do the mahayana sutras focus on ?
which tradition describes the sutras of the mahayana sutras ?
which tradition describes the sutras of the mahayana sutras ?
what is the name of the monk that had the name of the mahayana sutras ?
how many mahayana sutras have survived in sanskrit or tibetan translations of the mahayana sutras ?
what religion recognizes some sutras regarded by scholars as chinese ?
when did the mahayana sutra begin to influence the behavior of mainstream buddhists in india ?
what is the pejorative label for the mahayana sutra ?
what school does not include the mahayana scriptures in its canon ?
in what country did the theravada school establish itself ?
what is the historical name of the ancient philosophers of theravada school historically included in what ancient ?
what term did jonathan silk use to describe the term used by jonathan silk ?
what term did scholar isabelle use to describe the more usual term used by mahayanists ?
what provides opportunities for comparative study with diverse subjects ?
buddhism provides a guideline for buddhism's focus on middle eastern philosophy ?
what types of parallels to buddhism are held by buddhism ?
what religion has been studied with different practices of buddhism ?
what modern thought has the buddhist concept of dependent origination been compared to the buddhist concept of dependent origin ?
what should be considered a religion ?
what should be considered a religion ?
who created american idol ?
who produced american idol ?
in what year did american idol begin airing on american idol ?
what is the idols format based on ?
on what channel did american idol begin airing on june 11, 2002 ?
who produced american idol ?
what is the idols format based on ?
who created american idol ?
who produced american idol ?
when did american idol begin airing on american idol ?
what is the idols format based on ?
who was the original judge of american idol ?
who was the hosts of american idol ?
along with keith urban, singer, and actress, along with keith urban, singer, and actress, ?
who hosted the original judging panel for american idol ?
who was the hosts of american idol ?
who starred in the show ?
along with keith urban, singer, and actress, along with keith urban, singer, and actress, ?
who was the original judge of american idol ?
who starred in the show ?
who is the judging panel that has a music manager who plays paula abdul ?
who was the judging panel for the most recent season of american idol ?
who was the judging panel for the most recent season of american idol ?
how many billboard chart - toppers has the idol chart ranked the show idol out of its first 10 ?
along with carrie underwood, chris daughtry, fantasia, ruben studdard, carrie underwood, ?
who said american idol was the most impactful show in the history of television? who said american idol ?
along with kelly clarkson, chris daughtry, fantasia, ruben studdard, kelly clarkson, ?
along with maggie brown, carrie underwood, chris daughtry, maggie brown, carrie underwood, chris ?
along with kelly clarkson, chris daughtry, fantasia, ruben studdard, kelly clarkson, ?
along with maggie brown, carrie underwood, chris daughtry, maggie brown, carrie underwood, chris ?
how many billboard chart - toppers has the idol chart ranked the show idol out of its first 10 ?
who said american idol was the most impactful show in the history of television? who said american idol ?
in what year did fox announce that the american idol was announced on may 11 ?
in what year did fox announce that the american idol was announced on may 11 ?
how many times did american idol show show its first season ?
for how many consecutive years did the show have a record of consecutive years from 2003 to 2004? how ?
when did american idol announce that the american idol would be season finale ?
what new zealand television competition inspired the show pop idol ?
who created american idol ?
in what year did the show debut in britain ?
who was the european prime minister who was the european prime minister who was the european prime minister in 2001 ?
which television producer helped bring the show pop idol to the public ?
what new zealand television competition inspired the show pop idol ?
which television producer helped bring the show pop idol to the public ?
what was a key element of american idol's public speaking skills were added to the show that featured ?
in what year did the show debut in britain ?
who was the host of american idol ?
how many times did the show take a single season in the us show of the pop idol season ?
in what year did the american idol show debut ?
in what year did cowell attempt to sell the pop idol format to the united states ?
who bought the show from the uk public ?
who bought the show from the uk show ?
what was the name of the show that was renamed to what show was the show that featured cowell ?
how many judges were on the final judge's final season ?
how many judges were on the original broadcast of the show ?
who was hired as a fourth judge on the second season of american idol ?
who was the main judge at the first season of the pop idol season ?
how many judges were on the original broadcast of the show ?
who was the fourth judge on the first season of american idol ?
who was hired as a fourth judge on the second season of american idol ?
which round of the original broadcast of the show decided to continue with the three judges format ?
who was the record producer added to the show before season 12 ?
which emmy award winning talk show host replaced paula abdul after one season of the show before season 12 ?
how many seasons did kara dioguardi stay on the show before season 12 ?
in what year did cowell announce that the show was leaving the show to pursue the show x factor ?
what american show did cowell announce to be a show to take a setback on the show before ?
who was the record producer added to the show before season 12 ?
when did paula abdul leave the show before season 12 ?
when did cowell announce that the show was leaving the show to pursue the show ?
which emmy award winning talk show host replaced paula abdul after one season of the show before season 12 ?
before which season did kara dioguardi leave the show before which season did kara diogua ?
in which season were guest judges first allowed to be introduced in which season ?
who was the runner - up of the season eight season ?
in what season was donna summer, quentin tarantino, donna summer, and the season three season where ?
which season featured olivia newton - john in which season was the first season of the season ?
which season featured castaways from the show where were the castaways from the season eight season ?
who were the guest judges in season two ?
which season featured shania twain in which season ?
in what season was donna summer, quentin tarantino, donna summer, and the season three season where ?
along with brian dunkleman, who was the first season in which network did dunkleman host ?
who was the first season where did the first season where did ryan seacrest host the first season of ?
who was the judge for the thirteenth season ?
who was the mentor for the fourteenth season ?
what do the interviews reveal to the show live shows help the contestants with what information in the live shows ?
who was the mentor for the tenth season of the tenth season of the tenth season ?
who was the judge for the thirteenth season ?
who was the mentor for the fourteenth season ?
what age group is the eligible age - range for contestants ?
what season was the lower age limit on the first three seasons ?
what stage in the season where the contestant's age group is now the season where the contestant ' ?
how many sets of cuts are available to the contestants through the interviews ?
who is the only test performance in the off - season ?
how many of the judges get to show up in the preliminary round of the show ?
where can a contestant audition be presented on the show ?
how many sets of cuts are available to the contestants through the interviews ?
what kind of choice is made by the show ?
where are the judges sent to audition in the off - season on the show ?
in what season was the final round ?
in what seasons are the contestants able to write a capella column after the first round ?
how many rounds of eliminations in hollywood were there until the season ten rounds of interviews are usually in ?
in what season did the executive producer split up the females and males in the final round ?
how many rounds of eliminations in hollywood are there until the season ten rounds of interviews are usually in ?
how do the contestants perform individually in a series of rounds ?
which seasons were the participants able to write a capella round after the first round ?
where are the semi finals ?
what type of round of the las vegas round was the las vegas round ?
how many weeks did the las vegas round take place in the las vegas round ?
how many texts are in total in total? how many texts are in total ?
how many seasonal total were cast in the first season ?
who verified the votes in the final season ?
what is the most recent major event in the us ?
how many votes were cast in the first season? how many votes were cast in the first season ?
how much did the seasonal total increase in the seasonal total increase in the seasonal total increase by season ten ?
how many semi - finalists were in the first season ?
what round of the season featured a round ?
how many groups were in the first season ?
how many groups were in the first season ?
in which season were the first three season ?
how many semi - finalists were in the first season ?
how many finalists were in the finals ?
how many semi - finalists were in the semi - finals ?
how were the semi - finalists divided? how were the semi - finalists? how were the semi - ?
how many of the bottom two semi - finals were eliminated each week ?
how many of the bottom two semi - finals were eliminated each week ?
how many semi - finalists were in the top semi - finalists in the season ?
how many wildcard participants were selected for the final 13 ?
how many groups were in the wildcard round ?
how many of the participants were chosen in the wildcard round ?
how many semifinalists were in the season 12 season ?
which season saw the return of the wildcard round ?
how many groups were in the wildcard round ?
how many wildcard participants were selected for the final 13 ?
how many total female eliminated from the final season of the wildcard round ?
where are the finals broadcast from ?
who was the mentor for the season of ten ?
how many weeks did the season of the finals last ?
how many weeks did the finals last ?
where are the finals broadcast from ?
who was the mentor for the season of ten ?
how many weeks did the finals last season ?
what is the highest number in the finals ?
how many viewers must overturn the viewers'decision to overturn the viewers'decision on the winner ?
how often can the save be used in the save ?
where are the three most popular debates ?
which season is the first time that a contestant gets back to the original contestant's first idol series ?
how many games were in the 2008 season, in how many games in the 2008 season was the " ?
what account do viewers use to determine which account of the viewers's account are the viewers able to ?
what is the name of the first time viewers have to vote for the winner of the fourteenth season ?
what account do viewers use to determine which account of the viewers's account are the viewers able to ?
what is the start of the 2013 season ?
where was the venue for the finale held ?
how many people could watch the two hour length of the show? how many people could watch the two ?
what is the name of the two hour series that is the second hour of the season that is the ?
where did the finale broadcast from the season one season take place ?
how many people could watch the two hour length of the show? how many people could watch the two ?
how big is the audience capacity of the queen's 2006 season ?
where is the venue for the finale held ?
who is the most successful ad campaigns for the show ?
with which record label did the winner sign in the 14th season ?
how long after the season's finale, how long after the season's finale had the first ?
what does the winner receive ?
who is the most successful ad campaigns for the show ?
with which record label did the winner sign in the 14th season ?
what is given to each successful contestant on the show ?
what is given to each successful contestant on the show ?
who gets the most votes in the results show ?
what season is the season where contestants perform with musical accompaniment to the season where contestants can perform with musical ?
who is the american idol band played on the american idol season ?
how many seasons did the american idol band perform in the season before the finals ?
who led the american idol band the american idol band was led by who led the american idol band ?
who led the american idol band the american idol band was led by who led the american idol band ?
who is the american idol band played on the american idol season ?
what season is the season where contestants perform with musical accompaniment to the season where contestants can perform with musical ?
on what channel did american idol first appear on american idol ?
in what year did the first season of american idol first appear on american idol ?
who co - hosted the first season of american idol ?
when did the first season of american idol first appear on american idol ?
on what channel did american idol first appear on american idol ?
who co - hosted american idol with brian dunkleman co - hosts the first american idol host ?
how many contestant won the audition rounds ?
how many participants were selected in the audition rounds ?
who was the first openly gay contestant on the show ?
who was eliminated from the final season of the finals ?
where was christina christian when she was eliminated ?
how many contestant won the audition rounds ?
how many participants were cut to for the final season ?
who was the winner of the finals ?
where was tamyra gray eliminated from the finals ?
who was suspended from the final show ?
in what year did the winner of the final showdown take place ?
which winner won the final showdown between which winner and kelly clarkson were the two most recent debates between the ?
which month and day did the winner of the 2002 final showdown take place on which month and day in ?
which winner won the final showdown between which winner and kelly clarkson were the two most recent debates between the ?
which winner won the final showdown between justin guarini and justin guarini ?
when did the winner of the final showdown win the crown ?
which single went on to break the record held by the beatles for the first time to break the record ?
which musical film was released in 2003 ?
how many worldwide album sales has youtube had worldwide album sales ?
which single went on to break the record held by the beatles for the first time to break the record ?
what song did clarkson perform during the season finale of the show ?
which single went on to break the record held by the beatles for the first time to break the record ?
which singer held the record for the most successful dance solo dance record? which singer held the record for ?
which musical film was released in 2003 ?
how many worldwide album sales has youtube had worldwide album sales ?
in what year was the second season moved to the second season of the second season ?
who was the correspondent for the second season of the second season of the second season of the second season ?
when was the second season moved to air the second season ?
who was the correspondent for the second season of the second season of the second season of the second season ?
who had a affair with corey clark ?
who had modelled for an adult website ?
who was suspended from the finals for having a police record ?
who was expelled from the show ?
who was suspended from the finals for having a police record ?
who had modelled for an adult website ?
who was expelled from the show ?
who won the decisive ?
how many votes did ruben studdard get out of the betwent betwent betwen ?
who was the winner of the 2015 game ?
how many votes did studdard finish in the 2004 season ?
who stated that the fan voting of the 2000 season was the first non - republican spectator? who said ?
who won the decisive ?
who was the winner of the 2015 game ?
how many votes did studdard finish in the 2004 season ?
how many votes did ruben studdard get out of the betwent betwent betwen ?
who was the winner of the 2015 game ?
what was the name of queen's coronation song was covered by queen's debut at the show ?
who earned a country singer the title of the 4th - place finisher of the show ?
what was the name of the single covered by queen's single from queen's the show ?
what was the name of queen's coronation song was covered by queen's debut at the show ?
what was the name of the single covered by queen's single from queen's the show ?
who performed studdard's song " flying without wings " performed at the off show ?
who earned a country singer the title of the 4th - place finisher of the show ?
in what year did the season three of the season three season premiered ?
who was one of the most talk - about contestants in the audition process ?
who was one of the most talk - about contestants in the audition process ?
when did the season three of the season three of the season three season premiered ?
who was one of the most talk - about contestants in the audition process ?
who was one of the most talk - about contestants in the audition process ?
what were the three most recent divas ?
who were the three divas ?
who was the winner of the three season ?
which actress was held back in the finals ?
what were the three most recent divas ?
who were the three divas ?
who was the winner of the three season ?
which actress was held back in the finals ?
who were the last two finalists on fantasia ?
what was the name of fantasia's coronation single ?
what was the title of degarmo's first dance single released by degarmo ?
what was the name of the performance by barrino that was a favorite idol moment ?
who considered fantasia to be the best idol moment in the nine seasons he was the favorite idol moment ?
who were the last two finalists on the show ?
what was the name of barrino's performance at the summertime ?
what was the name of fantasia's coronation single ?
who replaced mario vazquez after leaving the show ?
who replaced mario vazquez after leaving the show ?
who did the show that was later fired for wrongful termination ?
who was the first non - mario winner of the show ?
what week was the result night ?
when was the result of the original broadcast of the final result broadcast ?
in what year was carrie underwood the winner of the tony award ?
how many records has underwood sold worldwide? how many records has underwood sold worldwide ?
what is the name of the coronation song from underwood's 2005 fall out of the grammy ceremony, ?
who was the winner of the 2005 award for the title of the winner of the american idol award ?
when was carrie underwood announced the winner of the tony award ?
who was the winner of the 2005 award for the title of the winner of the american idol award ?
what is the name of the coronation song from underwood's 2005 fall out of the grammy ceremony, ?
how many albums did underwood sell worldwide? how many albums did underwood sell worldwide? how many albums did ?
what is the highest - rated season in the show's history of the show's highest rated ?
who were the two most prominent contestants of the 2006 hollywood round ?
what is the highest - rated season in the show's history of the show's highest rated ?
when did the season five begin ?
who were the two most prominent contestants of the 2006 hollywood round ?
which artist performed the performance of fuel's live performance at fuel's one night show ?
which artist performed the performance of fuel's live performance at fuel's one night show ?
which artist performed the performance of fuel's live performance at fuel's one night show ?
which artist performed the performance of fuel's live performance at fuel's one night show ?
what was the name of the new singer of fuel ?
which artist performed the performance of fuel's live performance at fuel's one night show ?
which queen tour did live reject the queen's live show attendance did live reject the queen's ?
why did critical analysis of live's performance of live's version of live's live performance ?
who was named american idol on may 30, 2006 ?
what was the title of hicks's first single released as a single ?
what was the name of hicks's first single, mcphee's first single was mc ?
on what date was taylor hicks named american idol ?
who was named american idol on may 30, 2006 ?
what was the title of hicks's first single released as a single ?
what was the name of hicks's first single, mcphee's first single was mc ?
who was the most successful recording artist from this era ?
who was the most successful recording artist from this era ?
who was the most successful recording artist from this era ?
who was the most successful recording artist from this era ?
in what year did season six begin ?
how many viewers watched the first half of the first half of the first half of the first half of ?
when did season six start ?
how many viewers watched the first half of the first half of the first half of the first half of ?
which teenager was the most talk - about contestant for the hairdo ?
which wrestler was the most talk - about contestant in the 2005 season ?
besides the internet flip, what was the name of the internet flip, from what kind of the internet ?
on what date was sanjaya voted off ?
which teenager was the most talk - about contestant for the hairdo ?
which teenager was the most talk - about contestant for the hairdo ?
what unusual part of the show was unique to the simpson - little - known special addition to the simpson ?
besides the internet flip, what was the name of the internet flip, from what kind of the internet ?
which wrestler was the most talk - about contestant in the 2005 season ?
on what date was sanjaya voted off ?
what is the first tv show to feature a telethon - inspired broadcast of the telethon ?
how much did the first viewers raise in the first tv broadcast of the first idol series? how much ?
who was eliminated from the final three season of the first idol season ?
what is the first tv show to feature a telethon - inspired broadcast of the telethon ?
which two of the two main hosts were eliminated from the first idol season ?
who was eliminated from the final three season of the first idol season ?
who won the may 23 season finale ?
who was the runner - up of the may 23 season season ?
when was the season finale ?
when was the season finale ?
who won the may 23 season finale ?
who was the runner - up of the may 23 season season ?
in what year did season four of the season four of season four air in high definition ?
how many people were attending the auditions at the 2006 season ?
what was the age limit on the time limit on the first season of the season ?
which season was the first season to be aired in hdic format ?
which season was the first season to be aired in hdic format ?
when was the first season of the season four of season four of season four aired in high definition ?
in what aspect of the season four of the season four season was the first season to be aired in ?
how many people were attending the auditions at the 2006 season ?
what was the age limit on the time limit on the first season of the season ?
in what year was the queen's the queen's the queen's the queen's ?
what is the name of the winning song from the american idol contest ?
how are the scores on the american idol contest ?
what event is held in the fall of 2007 ?
what type of song is a part of the american idol contest ?
how many entries were selected for the public vote in the american idol contest? how many entries were selected ?
what is the name of the winning song from the american idol contest ?
when was the final of the american idol season ?
in what year did season seven of the season seven season premiered ?
who was the winner of the season seven season ?
who had previously been a stripper before coming on season seven ?
when did season seven of season seven premiered ?
who was the winner of the season seven season ?
what was the focus of the season seven season was focused on by the media during the season seven season ?
who had previously been a stripper before coming on season seven ?
which cast member performed at the top of american idol's performance by david cook at the finals of ?
who performed the performance of " billie jean " on top - ten night ?
who was the moderator of the final season of the finals ?
when did american idol first open its doors to american idol ?
when did american idol first open its doors to american idol ?
who was the moderator of the final season of the finals ?
who performed the performance of " billie jean " on top - ten night ?
who performed the cover of john lennon's real life song imagine ?
which season was jennifer lopez brought in as a judge in which season ?
what was the name of jason castro's semi - final performance by jason castro's semi - ?
which artist's version of queen's 2007 song to the top of the billboard digital song chart ?
where were the recordings released on the first season ?
which of david archuleta's songs made the most well - known ?
who was the judge in the season that featured david archuleta's performance in the season was ?
which singer performed a major performance of hallelujah ?
which artist's version of queen's 2007 song to the top of the billboard digital song chart ?
where were the recordings released on the first season ?
who was the winner of the 2008 queen show ?
who was the winner of the 2008 queen show ?
when was david cook announced as the winner of the bbc show ?
who was the winner of the 2008 queen show ?
what is the name of the winning song from the american idol songwriter contest ?
what contest was held in 2007 ?
in what year was the song " the time of my life " released ?
what is the name of the winning song from the american idol songwriter contest ?
when was the song " the time of my life " released ?
in what year did season eight premiered ?
who was the widowhood of the widowhood program focused on the widowhood program ?
who is mike darnell's position in fox ?
on what month and day did season eight premiered on what month and day of the week ?
on what date did season eight premiered ?
who was the president of fox in 2009 ?
who was the widowhood of the widowhood program focused on the widowhood program ?
who was the fourth judge at the judging panel ?
how long was the hollywood round ?
what was the name of the show that featured guests on the show ?
where was the hollywood round moved to in 2009 ?
why was idol canceled in 2009 ?
how many judges were on the first season with a single judge on the first season of the first season ?
who was the fourth judge at the judging panel ?
what was the name of the show that featured guests on the show ?
where was the hollywood round moved to in 2009 ?
what was the name of the off - season that was canceled for the 2008 season ?
how many finalists were in the finals ?
who was saved from elimination at the finals of the finals ?
how many finalists were eliminated from the finals ?
how many finalists were eliminated from the finals ?
who were eliminated from elimination at the finals ?
how many finalists were in the finals ?
how many finalists were eliminated from the finals ?
who was saved from elimination at the finals of the finals ?
who were the two finalists ?
who won the two finals ?
where did allen get from ?
how many votes did allen get from the betrandeys betrandeys betrandeys ?
who won the two finals ?
which season did allen win the most of the 2009 contest ?
how many votes did allen get from the betrandeys betrandeys betrandeys ?
who unfairly influenced the outcome of the betrandeys'comments on the judging panel ?
what was the name of the first season in which the winner of the coronation song was written by di ?
who co - wrote the song no boundaries ?
what was the name of the first season in which the winner of the coronation song was written by di ?
who co - wrote the song no boundaries ?
what certification did the winner fail to win ?
how many artists won the platinum album status in the 1978 season ?
in what year did season nine premiered on january 12 ?
who replaced paula abdul as a judge at the start of hollywood week ?
on what channel did ellen degeneres replace paula abdul on the new season ?
when did season nine of the season nine season premiered ?
who was the judge replaced by ellen degeneres after she left the judging panel at the start of ?
who replaced paula abdul as a judge at the start of hollywood week ?
on what channel did ellen degeneres replace paula abdul on the new season ?
who fell ill due to diabetic ketoacidosis ?
who did crystal bowersox announce that he was not ready to perform the show with the crystal bow ?
what disease caused crystal bowersox to fall out of the show ?
who fell ill due to diabetic ketoacidosis ?
how long did the show take place ?
what was the body of crystal bowersox during the off - season of the show ?
who did crystal bowersox announce that he was not ready to perform the show with the crystal bow ?
what was ken warwick's job title ?
who was the lowest vote in the 2010 season ?
where did michael lynche place michael lynche in the 2010 vote getter ?
who was the first idol woman to be back to the original viewers's choice was to be back ?
how much did idol raise in 2010 ?
who was the lowest vote in the 2010 season ?
who was the first idol woman to be back to the original viewers's choice was to be back ?
who was presented in the final season of the show ?
what special tribute was presented at the final season of the show ?
who was presented in the final season of the show ?
which figures from the show were featured on the special tribute presented at the special tribute presented at the special ?
who won the final two debates ?
what is the name of the final episode of the season where the two finalists chosen a cover of queen ?
how many finales was the final season of the final season ?
along with lee, bowersox, lee, and bowersox, what is the name of ?
what is the name of the final episode of the season where the two finalists chosen a cover of queen ?
which queen song was the first season where a queen song was featured on the season where queen's ?
in what year did the season ten of the show premiered ?
how many episodes did season 12 of the american idol season take place on january 19, 2011 ?
who was the new partner of american idol ?
which show did the show take place before the show ?
who was the executive producer of the x - factor season ?
when did the season ten of the show premiered ?
who was the executive producer of the x - factor season ?
who joined randy jackson after leaving cowell ?
who was the new partner of american idol ?
what was the first time a greek dance competition was held ?
what website did the first test for the first time they had a test before the first test ?
what website did the first test for the first time they had a test before the first test ?
where can one watch the first audition ?
what website did the first test for the first time they had a test before the first test ?
who was one of the most prominent contestants ?
in which round was medina cut in the round ?
which winner missed the top 13 result show ?
which winner missed the top 13 result show ?
who was one of the most prominent contestants ?
which round was the 2013 season where was medina cut in ?
which winner missed the top 13 result show ?
which show did casey abrams miss at which show ?
which casey character lost the first off - question contestant ?
who was one of the presumed favorites to advance in the season ?
which actor was criticized for removing pia toscano ?
who was one of the presumed favorites to advance in the season ?
which actor was criticized for removing pia toscano ?
what is the genre of singer britian won the duet with britian, what is the genre of ?
who was the winner of the 2011 contest ?
what was the name of mccreery's first single ?
what was the name of the hit single from queen's 1995 album was released by alaina ?
what was the name of ruben studdard's debut album was the first to hit no. ?
on what date did mccreery win the american idol title ?
who was the winner of the 2011 contest ?
who was the youngest male artist to reach no. who was the youngest male artist to reach no. ?
in what year did the season 11 show ?
how many finalist did jones make it to be the top in 2012 ?
who was the winner of the 2012 season ?
on what date did the season 11 show ?
who was the winner of the 2012 season ?
on what date was jones disqualified for concealing arrests ?
for what reason was jones disqualified in the 2012 season ?
which patient of queen victoria suffered from kidney pain ?
what caused the kidney to receive medical procedure ?
how many surgeries was phillip phillips reported to have been surgeries during his idol run ?
which patient of queen victoria suffered from kidney pain ?
which patient of queen victoria suffered from kidney pain ?
what illness did queen victoria suffer from ?
who won the accesion of the accesion of the accesion of the final two ?
who won the accesion of the accesion of the accesion of the final two ?
who was the only non - winner of the final season ?
which season did sanchez make the first season where a recipient of the save ?
what week did the winner receive the most votes during the final season ?
who won the accesion of the accesion of the accesion of the final two ?
who was the only non - winner of the final season ?
who proposed marriage to the runner - up of the season 5 season ?
how many finalist ace young proposed marriage to the winner of the season ?
how many times did ace young propose marriage to diana degarmo ?
who won the semi final season ?
what kind of finalist ace young proposed marriage to the winner ?
what season did ace young propose marriage to diana degarmo ?
what was the name of the first recorded song from phillips'coronation song ?
what was the name of sanchez's coronation song was released by sanchez in what song did phillips release ?
what was the name of the first recorded song from phillips'coronation song ?
what was the name of sanchez's coronation song was released by sanchez in what song did phillips release ?
what was the name of the first recorded song from phillips'coronation song ?
in what year did season 12 of the show premiered ?
what occupation did jennifer lopez and tyler leave the show after two seasons ?
which network aired the video of the final season ?
when did season 12 of the show premiered ?
how many judges were on the original season ?
how many males were in the top 10 debates ?
who was the first non - male contestant to be eliminated ?
how many contestants were in the first week ?
how many males were in the top 10 debates ?
who was the first non - male contestant to be eliminated ?
how many contestants were given extra week to perform the first time they were able to perform another week with ?
who won the season ?
who won the 2004 season ?
what was the first season that glover released ?
what did glover release after the show ?
who won the season ?
who won the 2004 season ?
what was the first season that glover released ?
what did glover release after the show ?
what kind of label did glover's first season that featured glover as the runner - up ?
who was the final judge to pursue other business ventures ?
how many seasons did both judges decide to leave after the judges decided to leave the judges'season ?
who was the final judge to pursue other business ventures ?
who decided to leave the judgeship ?
in what year was the thirteenth season of the thirteenth season ?
who was the host of the thirteenth season ?
what role did jackson take over on the thirteenth season ?
who was appointed director of the 2014 audition episodes ?
when was the thirteenth season premiered ?
along with keith urban, who returned as host of the thirteenth season of the thirteenth season ?
along with harry connick, who joined on the thirteenth season of the thirteenth season ?
which former judge joined on the thirteenth season of the 2014 season ?
who took over as executive producer after the off - season that featured artist such as jesse ignjatov ?
who received the fewest votes in the final rounds ?
what was the 500th episode of the series ?
what kind of rounds were the final rounds ?
who received the fewest votes in the final rounds ?
in what place did sam woolf receive the fewest votes ?
what was the 500th episode of the series ?
who was named the winner of the season ?
who was the runner - up of the 2015 season ?
what was the name of the single won a single from queen's 1995 coronation single ?
what was the name of the single irene single from the season where was the single from irene's ?
who was named the winner of the season ?
who was the runner - up of the 2015 season ?
what was the name of the single won a single from queen's 1995 coronation single ?
what was the name of the single irene single from the season where was the single from irene's ?
in what year was the fourteenth season ?
which network returned to host of the fourteenth season of the fourteenth season ?
who was the eighth season runner - up for the eighth season ?
what role did whitney successful in the 2015 season of the fourteenth season take on the final season of the ?
who returned as a house mentor during the season ?
when was the fourteenth season of the fourteenth season ?
who was the eighth season runner - up for the eighth season ?
how many episodes are in the final season ?
which company took over sponsorship of the show ?
who took over after the final season, who took over after the final season of the 2007 season ?
with which record company did the winner receive a recording contract ?
how many episodes are in the final season ?
which company took over sponsorship of the show ?
who took over after the final season, who took over after the final season of the 2007 season ?
with which record company did the winner receive a recording contract ?
who won the season ?
who did the nick fradiani defeat in the season ?
who released the third place finalist ?
what was the name of the first single released by fradiani in the season ?
what was the name of the single from the third place finalist ?
who won the season ?
who did the nick fradiani defeat in the season ?
what was the name of the first single released by fradiani in the season ?
what was the name of the first woman to be listed on the first winner of the first woman to ?
who released the third place finalist ?
in what year was the final season of american idol season ?
how many participants were announced on may 11, 2009? how many participants were announced on may 11 ?
how many seasons were promised to the american idol season ?
who are the new seasons of american idol returning to the show after the final season of american idol returning ?
which network returned as the host of american idol ?
when was the final season of american idol ?
which network returned as the host of american idol ?
how many contestants appeared in the finals of the show in 2012 ?
what year was the show's inception ?
what is the most common region where the most of the 14 idol winners came from ?
where did the most recent season of the american south come from ?
where did the most recent season of the american south come from ?
how many of the fourteen idol winners came from the southern united states? how many of the fourteen idol ?
who is the winner of the american south ?
how many cds were sold by the nielsen soundscan? how many cds were sold by the nielsen sounds ?
what percentage of the east central region of america were more likely to watch american idol in 2009? what ?
how many cds were sold by the nielsen soundscan? how many cds were sold by the nielsen sounds ?
what percentage of the american idol contestants were by the idol contestants in the show? how many of the ?
who is the winner of the season 5 season ?
where did taylor hicks hail from ?
where is the bible belt found in the bible belt ?
where is the bible belt found in the bible belt ?
where did taylor hicks hail from ?
what do the people who plays guitar do idol pundits call the white guy who plays guitar in ?
who was the winner of the season eleven season ?
which book did richard rushfield write ?
how many consecutive seasons were there in the season seven ?
what instrument does white male play ?
what do the people who plays guitar do idol pundits call the white guy who plays guitar in ?
who was the winner of american idol ?
who was the winner of the season eleven season ?
who had control over their future career ?
who was the winner of season two ?
who did ruben studdard get the most votes in the season two ?
when was the vote for the worst online vote in the last season ?
how many more votes did the increased amount of votes in season 8 result in ?
which season was the most amount of votes for the playstation 3 vote in which season ?
in which season did the motion to vote for the worst of the controversy take place ?
what has been the main concern about the amount of votes generated by the first season ?
when did the vote for the girls vote for the girls ?
when was the vote for the worst online vote in the last season ?
what special charity event was held in season six ?
how much has the special charity event raised in total? how much has the special charity event raised in ?
what special charity event was held in season six ?
which season is the special charity event that is a special charity event in which season is the special charity ?
in what year did american idol first appear ?
how many viewers watched the first american idol show ?
how many people watched the show in 2002 ?
what was the summer of 2002 ?
when did american idol premiered ?
how many viewers watched the first american idol show ?
how many people watched the show in 2002 ?
how many people watched the season premiere of the new season ?
how many viewers watched the season on american idol ?
who won the finale night of the american idol season ?
what season saw the most watched american idol on american idol ?
what was the highest rated season of american idol ?
how many people watched the season premiere of the new season ?
how many viewers watched the season on american idol ?
in what season did american idol become the most watched american idol on american tv in the first season ?
which season was the first season of american idol ?
which season was the first season of american idol ?
what was the name of the show that aired the show dubbed as what ?
which channel aired the cosby show ?
which season aired the death star ?
what was the name of the show that aired the show dubbed as what ?
what was the decline of the show six of the season six of american idol ?
what was the most watched the first season of american idol ?
what season did the loss of viewers continue into which season did the loss of viewers continue into which season ?
what major event in 2007 caused the fall in viewership between the season and the season seven season in ?
what season did the loss of viewers continue into which season did the loss of viewers continue into which season ?
who was the winner of the season seven season was eliminated from the season seven season ?
what season did the loss of viewers continue into which season did the loss of viewers continue into which season ?
how does the tv network the show seven become ?
what major event in 2007 caused the fall in viewership between the season and the season seven season in ?
which network covered the 2010 winter olympics ?
which channel has the previous record of 5 consecutive seasons in the past 5 seasons, which channel has the ?
in what year did nbc's olympic coverage take place in the winter olympics ?
which major olympic event did nbc sponsor in 2010 ?
how many viewers did the 2010 winter olympics attract on february 17, 2010? how many viewers did the ?
how many years did the show receive a extended streak of perfection in the season 9 season of the season ?
what was the median age on the first season of the 2010 - 12 season ?
what was the median age for the season that was the median age on the show season in the past ?
what was the median age for the season that was the median age on the show season in the past ?
what was the median age on the first season of the 2010 - 12 season ?
for how many years did american idol lose the leading position in the first season? for how many years ?
who was the second time to see american idol's second time showing the most of the demographic drop ?
how long did american idol lose the leading position in the us idol season ?
how many viewers did the season on the show average at the end of the season ?
how many million viewers averaged at the season 12 of the season on the show before the season finished in ?
in what year did the entire season's original demographic drop in the top 30 rankings for the first ?
how many viewers did the show show more of versus the previous season ?
how many viewers did the season on the show average at the end of the season ?
who was the main sponsor of the show's major sponsor ?
how many viewers watched the finale of american idol's 14th season ?
how many weeks prior to the final season of american idol's final season was the final season of ?
when was the final season of american idol's last season of american idol ?
how many viewers watched the finale of american idol's 14th season ?
how many us idol's viewers did american idol's viewers get in the us? how many ?
how many million people watched glee and new york - based show on the united states television network picked fox ?
which channel pushed for the title of the country's strongest television network ?
which channel pushed for the title of the country's strongest television network ?
who was the creator of queen's the show omnify queen's " saved fox " ?
along with so you think dance, what dance show aired on the radio show, so you think dance ?
along with rock star, nashville star, and the adult contemporary show, along with the adult contemporary show ?
what is one of the most successful shows on television history ?
what is one of the most successful shows on television history ?
what is one of the most successful shows on television history ?
how many number one did american idol have in the us ?
what radio station does mediabase monitor radio stations are publicly operated by mediabase ?
which artist led the american idol field the most radio spins in 2010 ?
how many number one did american idol have in the us ?
who wrote the book, " the author of books on the billboard charts, who said that no one ?
how many times did american idol have how many times radio spins in 2010 ?
how many spins did kelly clarkson's single, kelly clarkson, have in 2010 ?
how many albums has the american idol alumni amassed over how many albums has the american idol alumni amassed over ?
how many singles and singles and digital track downloads have the american idol alumni released as of 2013? how ?
how many albums has the american idol alumni amassed over how many albums has the american idol alumni amassed over ?
how many singles and singles and digital track downloads have the american idol alumni released as of 2013? how ?
which notable star won a role in dreamgirls ?
what was the occupation of jennifer hudson? what was jennifer hudson's occupation ?
where is the impact of american idol ?
which notable star won a role in dreamgirls ?
which film did jennifer hudson win a role in ?
who was the idol vocal coach of idol ?
what magazine did ken tucker participate in ?
what type of speech did the winner of the season one season decide to sing at the lincoln memorial ?
who thought the show was the best - selling show that aired the show that aired the show as a ?
what magazine did ken tucker participate in ?
who was the san diego union - tribune charged that american idol was a blatant commercial calculations ?
where did the winner of the season one winner sing the national anthem of the american idol ?
what kind of media did michael slezak host? what kind of media did michael slezak ?
who wrote cruel critiques of the show of help did the show of good at the show of 2007 ?
which singer disparaged the show's show audience with more of the show's show audience ?
which magazine was accused of depicting cowell's cruel critiques of cowell's cruel critique ?
what does queen promote in the show? what does queen promote ?
which critic of idol said that idol has disapprove of art in the show? who stated ?
who wrote cruel critiques of the show of help did the show of good at the show of 2007 ?
which singer disparaged the show's show audience with more of the show's show audience ?
who made an offer to be a judge on american idol? who made an offer to be a judge ?
in what year did carrie underwood win the best female artist in country music? what year did carrie underwood ?
who commented on carrie underwood's performance in the show? who commented on carrie underwood's performance ?
who thought that shows like american idol made it easily different from american idol ?
who won the best female artist in country music? who won the best female artist in country music ?
who did carrie underwood say that the show won the best female artist in country music? who did carrie ?
who commented on carrie underwood's performance in the show? who commented on carrie underwood's performance ?
who made an offer to be a judge on american idol? who made an offer to be a judge ?
what genre of music is the show's impact on the show's impact on the show ' ?
what genre of music does the show's impact on the show's impact on the show ' ?
how many emmys did the show receive for directing a variety, music or comedy series did bruce go ?
who won the emmy for the show, the show, the show, the show, director, music ?
how many emmys did american idol receive in 2009? how many emmys did american idol receive in ?
what is the name of the governor's award in 2007, what is the name of the edition ?
how many years was american idol nominated for emmys for the emmys in the emmys ?
what award did the show receive in 2007 ?
how much revenue did american idol generate for the us tv ad in 2004? how much revenue did american ?
how much does one estimate the tv revenue for the first 8 seasons of american idol ?
what is the name of the theme park attraction that the show disney also partnered with to promote the theme ?
how much revenue did american idol generate for the us tv ad in 2004? how much revenue did american ?
who did american idol partner with in the theme park attraction the american idol ?
what was the first season of american idol ?
how much ad revenue did american idol sell for how much ad revenue did american idol sell for the finale ?
how much did the show's advertising revenue in 2014 increase in ad revenue from the show's ?
how high did the ad prices for season seven reach a high point on american idol's ad market ?
how many advertisers began to begin showing american idol ?
how much revenue does american idol's advertising revenue in the next few seasons generally earn per year on ?
which season saw the sponsorship deal in which season did the sponsorship deal cost about $ 10 million to sponsor ?
which season saw the sponsorship deal in which season did the sponsorship deal cost about $ 10 million to sponsor ?
which major sponsorship company joined in the second season of the third season of the third season of the third ?
when did the sponsorship deal with coca - cola end its sponsorship deal? when did the sponsorship deal with ?
how many seasons has the show been since the beginning of the 2010 season ?
how much did the sponsorship deal cost to sponsor the ad campaigns sold to the advert sponsorship deal in ?
how much did the sponsorship deal cost to ad campaigns in the us? how much did the sponsorship deal ?
which major sponsorship company joined in the second season of the third season of the third season of the third ?
what kind of messaging did the ad ad ad advertisers of the show attract the most revenue ?
how many product placements were in the show season six of american idol's showing of the logo ?
who declined to sponsor american idol ?
what was the name of the american version of cowell's american version of cowell's ?
who declined to sponsor american idol ?
what was the name of the american version of cowell's american version of cowell's ?
what place did pepsi fall to in the us rankings of the show's ranking in the united states ?
which tour was the most successful tour with grossed of over $ 35 million ?
which tour was the most successful tour in the season nine tour ?
what was added to the season twelve tour in the season twelve tour ?
which of the seven seasons did the tour add the first seven seasons ?
which tour was the most successful tour in the season nine tour ?
which tour was the most successful tour with grossed of over $ 35 million ?
which season was the first season of american idol recordings were made during which season ?
how many seasons were the first season of american idol? how many seasons were there in the first season ?
where did american idol's studio recordings of the season seven season broadcasted on the american idol season ?
what is one of the most recent releases of american idol recordings ?
how were the recordings released? how were the recordings released ?
how does american idol rank the most successful soundtrack ?
where did american idol's studio recordings of the season seven season broadcasted on the american idol season ?
how many recordings are released by 19 entertainment? how many recordings are released by 19 entertainment ?
who was the music label for american idol ?
what was the name of sony music group that was affiliated with sony music group ?
who owns 19 recordings ?
how many recordings are released by 19 entertainment? how many recordings are released by 19 entertainment ?
what was the name of sony music group that was affiliated with sony music group ?
who did sony partner with to form sony bmg music entertainment partnered with sony bmg music entertainment in 2005 - ?
who replaced sony as the music label for american idol ?
who debuted the american idol experience at the american idol experience ?
in what year did the united states first see the show at the end of the american idol experience ?
in what year did the attraction close on august 30, 2014 ?
who co - produced the show where the show debuted at the end of the american idol season ?
when did the show debuted at the american idol experience ?
where did the movie " the american idol experience " take place at the theme park at what resort in ?
what ticket granted the public the accesion privileges to watch the final show ?
when did the attraction close ?
how many nations outside the united states is american idol broadcast to outside the united states'broadcast of american ?
which network broadcast american idol in canada? how did american idol air in canada ?
in what year did yes tv announce that it was picked up by the american idol season ?
who announced that it had picked up american idol's first season of american idol ?
how many nations outside the united states is american idol broadcast to outside the united states'broadcast of american ?
who broadcast the first american idol season in canada? how were the first american idol season broadcasted on ?
who announced that it had picked up american idol's first season of american idol ?
who broadcasts the twelfth season of the twelfth season in italy ?
how many days after the united kingdom's broadcast of the united kingdom's broadcast of the united ?
who broadcasts the show on southeast asia ?
on what days is star world ?
who broadcasts the show on southeast asia ?
who broadcasts the twelfth season of the twelfth season in italy ?
what is the name of the individual contestants are considered to be what ?
for how many consecutive years did it become the highest rated consecutive years for consecutive years ?
how many consecutive years did it take the longest winning streak in the us rankings during the seven consecutive years ?
what is a domesticated domesticated dog that is domesticated for humans and other types of dog that ?
what is a domesticated canid that has been bred for millennia for sexual and physical attributes is can ?
how long has the domesticated canid been bred for what has the domesticated canid been bred ?
what is one of the major concerns with domesticated humans and physical attributes of the domesticated canid ?
when did extensive genetic studies take place that showed that dogs diverged from an extinct wolf - like can ?
how many years ago did canid evolve from the extinct wolf - like canid? how many years ?
where did humans diverge from from before humans ?
what type of diet is the oldest domesticated animal that is not considered a species that is not considered ?
what kind of studies have indicated that dogs diverged from a manmade variant of an extinct wolf - ?
what nickname has the impact on human society? what nickname has the impact on human society ?
what nickname has the impact on human society? what nickname has the impact on human society ?
what do dogs have a source of in some cultures? what do dogs have a source of food in ?
what proto - germanic word is possibly derived from the english word dog ?
from what language does the word dog originate ?
what language does the english word dog originate from ?
from what language does the word dog originate ?
what was the general word for all domestic dog types in english ?
what group of dogs were referred to as hound ?
in what century did dog become the general word for hound ?
what was the general word for all domestic dog types in english ?
when had dog become the general word for hound ?
by the 16th century, hound began to refer to type of hound in the 16th century, hound began ?
what proto - indo - european word is derived from the proto - european word " hound " derived from ?
what is a group of offspring ?
what is the name of the father of a litter ?
what french word describes the pups of the pups of the pups of the pups of ?
what is the process of birth in old english ?
what is a female called in modern english bicche ?
what is a female called in modern english bicche ?
what is a group of offspring ?
what is the name of the father of a litter ?
what is the name of the mother of the dog that is a relative of the mother of a litter ?
what are the pups of a pup called ?
what species did linnaeus include in the collection of species that was included in the collection of species in 1758 ?
what year did linnaeus publish a categorization of species that included the canis species ?
who first published a categorization of species that included the canis species in 1758? who published ?
what animal did canis lupus refer to on the next page of the list he listed as a ?
what group listed canis familiaris in 1982 ?
what species did linnaeus include in the collection of species that was included in the collection of species in 1758 ?
what does canis familiaris mean in english ?
what was the name of the wolf that did linnaeus name the wolf that did linnaeus name the wolf that ?
what is generally regarded as a distinctive domestic dog ?
in what year was the first edition of mammal species of the world published ?
when did the iczn rule that if wild animals and domesticated derivatives are regarded as one species ?
what was the name of the third edition of what was the name lupus that was upheld opinion 202 ?
what do internationally recognized researchers prefer to use iczn to refer to iczn ?
who ruled that if wild animals and domesticated derivatives are considered one species of wild animals, what group ?
what do internationally recognized researchers prefer to use iczn to refer to iczn ?
who ruled that if wild animals and domesticated derivatives are considered one species of wild animals, what group ?
in 2003, when did the iczn rule that if wild animals and domesticated derivatives are regarded ?
what strongly supported the formation of two sister monophyletic clades within one species? what strongly ?
what is the common ancestor of the extant wolves ancestor of the extant wolves ancestor? what is the common ?
who first arose in the modern world of humans ?
what is the name of the furthest - known dog that is not a member of the domestic dog ?
who first raised dogs ?
what dog was named for a domestic dog ?
what is the name of the wolf that is not a wolf ?
what type of animal has the most variation in size, appearance, and behavior of humans? what type ?
what do dogs have teeth for what types of teeth do dogs have teeth for ?
what do dogs have a lot of of the domestic animal that is a domestic animal that is not a ?
what type of bones do dogs have strong muscles in their body? what type of bones do dogs have ?
what is a well - known cardiovascular system that does not have a heart of the breed of dog that ?
what do dogs have teeth for what types of teeth do dogs have teeth for ?
what do dogs have a lot of of the domestic animal that is a domestic animal that is not a ?
what is a major characteristic of dogs ?
what was the largest dog in the uk ?
what was the largest dog in the uk ?
what is the name of the type of type of type of dog that is a type of dog that ?
what hair do dogs have in a coarse guard hair and what else do dogs have in a coarse guard ?
what is the name of the type of type of type of dog that is a type of dog that ?
what is the one variety of the coat of domestic dogs that is considered single in the domesticated coat ?
what do domestic dogs often display the remnants of domestic dogs often display the remnants of what do domestic dogs ?
where does a countershaded animal have dark coloring on it's color coloring on a countershad ?
what do domestic dogs often display the remnants of domestic dogs often display the remnants of what do domestic dogs ?
what color is on the upper surfaces of a countershaded animal on its upper surfaces? what do ?
what is the downside of countershading in domestic dogs reduced in appearance to the general aspect of ?
what is a common variation of the word " dog "? what is a common variation of the word ?
what is one of the primary functions of a dog's tail to communicate with what do some types ?
what is a common variation of the word " dog "? what is a common variation of the word ?
what do some breeds of dogs prone to ?
what do dogs susceptible to ?
what type of females are affected by pyometra? what type of females are affected by p ?
what types of human body parts are affected by pyometra ?
what do dogs susceptible to ?
what kind of human food and household ingestibles to dogs? what kind of human food and ?
what is a toxic chemical that is toxic to dogs? what is a toxic chemical that is toxic to ?
what kind of nuts can be toxic to dogs? what kind of nuts can be toxic to dogs ?
what is a toxin that is toxic to dogs? what is a toxin that is toxic to dogs ?
what kind of human food and household ingestibles to dogs? what kind of human food and ?
what is a product that can be dangerous in tobacco? what is a product that can be dangerous in ?
what color chocolate can be fatal ?
how long are mixed breeds ?
how long is the lifespan of the dog's lifespan ?
in what year did a study on mixed breeds show that the amount of mixed breeds live on average ?
how long do mixed breeds live on average? how long do mixed breeds live on average ?
what is the range of the age for the median of the range of the median for the age that ?
what breed with the shortest lifespan of the breed with the shortest lifespan of the breed with the shortest lifespan ?
what is the median longevity of the dog who has the lowest of the expect to be the lowest of ?
what is the median longevities of the breeds with the lowest expect for the average longevities ?
what breed with the shortest lifespan of the breed with the shortest lifespan of the breed with the shortest lifespan ?
what is the median longevity of the dog who has the lowest of the expect to be the lowest of ?
what is the median longevities of what age are the longest lived breeds of dogs ?
what was the longest lived dog in the world ?
who was the world's oldest living dog ?
what year did bluey die ?
what was the longest lived dog in the world ?
what year did bluey die ?
who was the world's oldest living dog ?
how old are the last years for a domestic dog to be delayed for a domestic dog to be raised ?
what do the body prepare for when the body prepares for what event in the cycle? what do the ?
how old are the last step in the domesticated fertilization process for humans to be able to ?
what do female dogs have when they are ready for the first time in the domestic world where a female ?
how long do dogs bear their litters after fertilization? how long do dogs bear their litter ?
how long is the average amount of free day for humans? how long is the average free day for ?
how many puppies are typically in a litter? how many puppies does an average pup bear ?
how many puppies are produced in a single pup, how many puppies are produced in a single ?
how long is the average amount of free day for humans? how long is the average free day for ?
how many puppies are typically in a litter? how many puppies does an average pup bear ?
how many puppies are produced in a single pup, how many puppies are produced in a single ?
what is it called when humans remove the male's testicles from the sterilization of animals ?
what is an example of a group that advises that dogs not intended for breeding ?
what do neutering remove the male's ovaries and uterus remove from the male ?
what do neutering refer to the female's testicles as neutering ?
what do neutering remove the male's ovaries and uterus remove from the male ?
what do neutering refer to the female's testicles as neutering ?
what should dogs not intended for further breeding should be done by animals that are not intended for further breeding ?
what reduces hypersexuality in male dogs? what reduces hypersexuality in male ?
neutering increases the risk of what in females? what does neutering increase the risk of ?
what type of female dogs are less likely to develop some forms of cancer ?
neutering increases the risk of what in females? what does neutering increase the risk of ?
what is neutering a member of neutering increases the risk of urinary incont ?
who did dog intelligence share a study with? who did dog intelligence share a study with ?
what is a name for a border collie ?
what are dogs able to read and react appropriately to human body language? what are dogs able to read ?
what type of dog could be exposed to the fact that domestic dogs learned from non - social problems with ?
what is the purpose of modern domestic dogs use humans for purpose in domesticated domestic dogs? what is ?
what is the term for dog that can be perceived as dog information and retain knowledge for how it ?
how many different items did a study performed by rico show that dogs had learned the labels of different items ?
what kind of memory skills do dogs have that have what kind of memory skills? what kind of memory ?
how many words could chaser engage in a verbal command? how many words could chaser engage in ?
how long ago did the domesticated animal population of humans begin to be estimated to be the oldest domestic ?
who has shaped the minds of dogs in the past? [pad] ?
what do the skills of dog behavior parallel ?
who has shaped the minds of dogs in the past? [pad] ?
who has shaped the minds of dogs in the past? [pad] ?
what is the internally responses of the domestic dog perceived as being internal and / or external stimuli are the ?
what have dogs learned the ability to do with humans and dogs that have learned the ability to do what ?
who do the skills related to the social cognitive skills of dog behavior parallel to the social cognitive skills of ?
what do humans use communication that humans do in dog communication ?
what do humans use vocalization, body posture, and body postures are used by humans to communicate ?
what is about how dogs speak to humans in how dogs speak to each other ?
what do humans use vocalization, body posture, and body postures are used by humans to communicate ?
what do domesticated dogs have more complex cusp patterns than other types of dog classification ?
what is the name of the facial fur that has been the dog's hand in the white house ?
what is the basic distinguish between domesticated dogs and gray wolves? what is the basic distinguish between gray ?
how often do gray wolves have more of a brain that is not seen in gray wolves? how often ?
what were dogs originally selected for ?
how many fixed genes were attributed to the animal presence of dogs in 2016? how many fixed genes were ?
what do the gene variations of dog domestication indicate selection on during dog domestication ?
what is a trait of the fight - or - flight response of the gene variations on the fight - ?
what do dogs tend to reduce in relation to the other types of qualities that don't affect the fight ?
what trait do domesticated dogs have been selected for in the domesticated type of domesticated animal type ?
how were dogs originally selected? how were dogs initially selected ?
how many fixed genes were attributed to the animal presence of dogs in 2016? how many fixed genes were ?
what do dogs show reduced fear and what other trait do dogs show? what do dogs show less of ?
what is the global dog population estimated at in the global dog population ?
what is the global dog population estimated at in the global dog population ?
what are the global dog population estimates based on? what is the global dog population estimated based on ?
what kind of predators do large wild dogs belong to ?
what kind of ness of humans and buildings have wolves displayed uncharacteristic ness of humans in ?
what type of animal is a major food source for large game of game of game with large predators ?
what kind of predators do large wild dogs belong to ?
what do croatian reports about wolves ?
what animal in russia limits feral dog populations ?
what do tigers in manchuria and indonesia share the same vigor as what other animal do tigers in manchu ?
what is a major predator of dogs in turkmenistan, india, and caucasus ?
what types of reptiles have been introduced to the range of reptiles that have been introduced to the range of ?
what animal has a predilection for dogs ?
what animal is reputed to kill dogs with the same vigor as leopards ?
what types of reptiles have been introduced to the range of reptiles that have been introduced to the range of ?
what is a major predator of dogs in turkmenistan, india, and caucasus ?
what is a term for a carnivora that is generally used to describe dogs ?
what types of foods do dogs eat ?
what type of carnivores do dogs have a different trait from other carnivourous ?
how are dogs described in a scholarly guide on the dog diet? how are dogs described in a scholarly ?
what is the basic dietary requirements of dogs to be raised in a carnivore that is not ?
what digestion do dogs have adaptations in ?
how old are most breeds of dog considered to be at most in the united states? how old are ?
what have people been able to select the types of dog that has been artificially selected for by people ?
how has the dog developed into hundreds of varied breeds of dog? how has the animal developed into hundreds ?
what is the fur height in which dog has about 76 cm of what is the fur that has the ?
how old are most breeds of dog considered to be at most of the breeds of dog? how old ?
how many types of varied breeds has the dog developed into? how many types of varied breeds has the ?
what color are grays typically known as white through chocolate ?
what has allowed dog types and what has allowed dog types and natural selection have reinforced certain characteristics in certain ?
what type of ing has allowed dog types and selective breeding has allowed dog types and natural selection have reinforced ?
who keeps the classification of dogs in the modern dog industry? who keeps the classification of dogs in the ?
what has allowed dog types and breeds that have been developed from certain types of selection? what has allowed ?
what types of dog types do dogs with a dog have become ?
what type of classification are modern dog breeds? what type of classification of modern dog breeds ?
how do the chilholt breed and purebred dogs of one breed rank ?
how many types of dogs can be traced to the genetic ancestry of dogs that can be traced to be ?
what are the old world dogs? what are the names of the old world dogs ?
what is a type of dog that is a type of dog that is a type of dog that is ?
how many types of dogs can be traced to the genetic ancestry of dogs that can be traced to be ?
what is a name for the four types of dogs that can be considered distinct from purebred dogs ?
what is another name for modern - hunting dogs ?
what is a notable complex dog that domestic dogs inherited from their wolf ancestors? what is a notable complex ?
what are the types of adaptive behaviors that domestic dogs have inherited complex behaviors that can be learned from their ?
what do humans have the ability to become ?
what is a notable complex dog that domestic dogs inherited from their wolf ancestors? what is a notable complex ?
who is known for the value of human domesticated dogs? who is known for the value of human ?
what do people do with particular impact on humanism? what do they do with humanism ?
what nickname has the impact on human people by the human world? what nickname has the impact on human ?
what is a term for dogs in some cultures that have been considered to be what in some cultures ?
what would dogs use to clean up food from humans? what would dogs use to clean up food from ?
what is the australian aboriginal expression for dogs that provided warmth for dogs to provide warmth and warmth for dogs ?
what would be provided with their acute hearing of the australian aboriginal expression of the fur that dogs used their ?
how would dogs improve sanitation? how would dogs improve sanitation? how would dogs improve sanitation ?
what is the australian aboriginal expression for dogs that provided warmth for dogs to provide warmth and warmth for dogs ?
what is an important factor in wolf domestication? what is important in wolf domestication ?
in what year did a study of hunter groups with a dog show a significant benefit from the presence of ?
what do researchers believe the most significant benefit from the hunt is believed to have been the most significant benefit ?
what is the primary reason for the relationship between the presence of dog and success in the hunt is often ?
what type of dog was used in the travel of what type of dog to north america ?
what bridge between siberia and north america may have been introduced to north america from siberia ?
how long ago is the earliest evidence of dog - like canids in north america from about how long ?
how long ago did the sled dogs enter north america about how long ago? how long ago did ?
what native american population was the only domesticated animal in north america ?
what types of tribes did dogs travel to north america 1, 400 years ago ?
what animal introduced dogs to north america ?
what dog was found to have been buried with a four - to - five - month old and four ?
what is the most widespread form of interspecies bonding occurs between what two humans and dogs ?
when did pet dog populations grow significantly after world war ii ?
in what decade did the changed role of the pet dog become more prominent in the human world ?
where were dogs kept in the 1950s and 1960s? where were dogs kept in the 1950s and 1960s ?
who is the most widespread form of interspecies bonding occurs between humans and dogs? what group ?
where were dogs kept in the 1950s and 1960s? where were dogs kept in the 1950s and 1960s ?
in what decade did the changed role of the pet dog become more prominent in the human world ?
what is the first step in defining dog status ?
what animal has the most changed status of humans in the changing status of humans in the changing status of ?
how many major trends have there been in the changing status of pet dogs ?
what is the first step in defining dog status ?
what do dogs - as dogs - as dogs - as dogs - as dogs - as dogs - as ?
what kind of forms are available to transform a pet dog into an ideal companion for dog - related travel ?
what century can dog training be traced back to the beginning of the 20th century ?
what do dogs do to establish territory through scent ?
when can dog training be considered an organized activity ?
what do dogs do to establish territory through scent ?
what activity can be traced back to the 18th century ?
what do most people with dogs describe their pet as? what do most people with dogs as ?
what television program promotes dog - human relationships ?
what do most people with dogs describe their pet as? what do most people with dogs as ?
what program promotes a dominance model of dog - human relationships has been shown a dominance model of dog - ?
what do dogs bring in from the lawn ?
what do dogs get to licking in the dishwasher ?
what is a dog that is an integral partner of dog dancing and what else is a dog considered to ?
what do many dogs have ?
what do dogs bring from the lawn to their detriments from the lawn to their detriments ?
how many people with pet dogs were reported to have been reported to have been with pet dogs in the ?
how many people with pet dogs were reported to have been reported to have been with pet dogs in the ?
what technology has been used to study humans and dogs together ?
what do dogs have the same response to the effects of humans and dogs have the same responses to humans ?
what do humans and dogs share the same parts of what do humans and dogs share the same parts of ?
what do humans have the ability to recognize in humans ?
what is the name of the latest study done by magnetic resonance imaging ?
what type of human sounds do humans have the ability to recognize human sounds do humans have the ability to ?
what is a unique nickname for dogs ?
what type of ing is the name of the type of ing that dogs have been bred for what type ?
what do dogs help fishermen with to help fishermen in the breed of dogs ?
who was the first animal to orbit the earth in 1957 ?
who was the first animal to orbit the earth in 1957 ?
what is a unique nickname for dogs ?
what types of dogs were the first to hunt ?
what do dogs help fishermen with to help fishermen in the breed of dogs ?
who was the first animal to orbit the earth in 1957 ?
in what year did the first animal to orbit the earth first person to orbit the earth ?
what type of dogs provide assistance to people with physical and mental disabilities are provided to help people with physical ?
what do some dogs seek safety, medication, safety, medication, safety, medication, safety, and ?
what is another name for conformation show ?
who looks at the types of judge familiar with the specific breed standard in conformation ?
what is the basic type of dog breed evaluates individual purebred dogs for what type of dog ?
what is the only aspect of the breed standard only deals with the aspect of the characteristics of the breed ?
where are separately tested qualities not considered part of the judging of the breed standard ?
who looks at the types of judge familiar with the specific breed standard in conformation ?
what is the only aspect of the breed standard only deals with the aspect of the characteristics of the breed ?
what else is not considered a separately tested qualities for the judging in conformation shows? what else is ?
what region of the world is known for eating dog meat in china? where is china and vietnam ?
what do western, south asian, and eastern cultures regard dog meat as what type of meat do western ?
what is a term for the medicinal properties of dogs in poland? what is a term for medicinal properties ?
what do some people believe is the distinction between livestock and dogs? what do some people believe is the ?
what is the definition of dog meat in western cultures about the meat of dogs considered to be what type ?
what is dog fat believed to have been believed to be good for the lungs in poland, what is ?
what is the most popular korean dog dish ?
what is gaejang - guk ?
what is the purpose of gaejang - guk ?
what ingredients are in the dish that is made by the dog dish? what is the dish ordered by ?
when is the traditional purpose of gaejang - guk ?
what ingredients are in the dish that is made by the dog dish? what is the dish ordered by ?
how many people in the united states are predicted to be killed by dogs each year in the united states ?
how many us deaths in the us averaged how many deaths per year in the 1980s and 1990s did the ?
how much did the united states'population has the most of the dog's legal owner in the ?
how many people in the united states are predicted to be killed by dogs each year in the united states ?
in what decade did the united states increase the number of dog bites in the u. s. in ?
what characteristic of the bites performed by a colorado study found bites in children were less severe than the adults ?
what is the average amount of people who share a similar relationship with dog bites in the us? how ?
what is the average age for boys with 5 - 9 % of the us for boys with 5 - ?
what do children have a much higher chance to be bitten in ?
what can sharp claws with sharp claws lead to serious what ?
what state had a study of bites in a study from a study done by bites found that bites in ?
what is the average age for boys with 5 - 9 % of the us for boys with 5 - ?
what can sharp claws with sharp claws lead to serious what ?
what animal is a key key factor in how many fall and dogs fall each year in the united states ?
what type of vehicles were more likely to engage in road accidents ?
what type of vehicles were most likely to engage in road accidents ?
what is toxocara canis ?
what causes toxocariasis ?
how many cases of toxocariasis are there in the united states? how many cases of ?
what can untreated toxocariasis cause ?
what is the dog toxocara canis ?
what percentage of the us population is infected by the dog feces ?
how many cases of toxocariasis are there in the united states? how many cases of ?
what percentage of soil samples in great britian soil samples are taken from public parks in great britian ?
what can untreated toxocariasis cause ?
in what year was a recent research done by a recent research done by recent research shown to support earlier ?
what has research shown to be less of what has research shown to less of in the 2005 paper ?
in what year was a recent research done by a recent research done by recent research shown to support earlier ?
what did people with pet dogs take more physical what to do with the physical of people with pet dogs ?
what did people with pet dogs take more physical what to do with the physical of people with pet dogs ?
what do some people have other health benefits from exposure to ?
what do humans act as facilitators of ?
in what year were pet owners more likely to get to know people in the neighborhood of non - pet ?
what do people have problems with when in the presence of dogs? what do people face a facet ?
who do some people have a greater impact on humans when they are not accompanied by a dog ?
where were animals introduced to the practice of using animals as a part of therapy ?
what can animal assisted therapy with dog affect ?
what do animals with increased attendance and increased knowledge and skill objectives have been reduced by the animal assisted intervention ?
when did the practice of using animals as a part of therapy date back to what century ?
where were animals introduced to the practice of using animals as a part of therapy ?
animals in the bicyling method were used to help people with alzheimers and other animals in the ?
what has animal assisted intervention research shown can increase social behaviors ?
what do medical detection dogs detect by sniffing blood? what do medical detection dogs detect ?
how much larger is the brain's olfactory cortex relative to the brain's olfactory cortex ?
how much does dogs need to detect odour in one part ?
how much larger is the brain's olfactory cortex relative to the brain's olfactory cortex ?
how many cancer patients have the furthest cancer patients detected the cancer from a labrador retriever that has ?
who guards the gates of hades ?
what does cerberus guards ?
who guards helheim ?
who is the pet of tadaklan is the pet of thunder ?
who is the pet of tadaklan ?
what mythology describes the chinvat bridge ?
who guards the gates of hades ?
who guards helheim ?
what is the name of the god who is the pet of tadaklan ?
who is the pet of tadaklan is the pet of thunder ?
what do yama's watchdogs have the forebears of the god of death and ?
who owns the two watch dogs that have four eyes ?
what form do the offering offerings at the shrine offer ?
who owns the two watch dogs that have four eyes ?
who do yama watch over ?
what is the name of the hunting dog that king muthappan has a hunting dog on his ?
what form are the offering offered at the shrine of the muthappan offering ?
how are dogs viewed in islam ?
what do dogs consider dogs to be dogs in islam ?
where was the city councillor that called for dog ownership in bern ?
what do they wear when they are required to leave mosques or homes, what do they wear when they ?
what do dogs consider dogs to be dogs in islam ?
in what year did the mayor of london ask to allow dog ownership to be made illegal in hyderabad ?
where are islamic activists lobbied for dogs to be kept out of muslim neighborhoods ?
what is not allowed to be used by people in britain who don't allow the police to have dogs ?
what do dogs represent in christianity ?
who do jewish regulations require jews to feed dogs before they go with jews to feed dogs before they go ?
what do jews require jews to do with dogs and other animals that they own dogs before they travel with ?
what do dogs represent in christianity ?
what do some asian countries view dogs as in asian countries? what do some asian countries view dogs as ?
what asian country has dogs as kind protectors? in asia countries, korea, and korea, korea ?
how are dogs viewed in asian countries? how are dogs viewed in asian countries? what is the perceived ?
what were the walls of what were dogs portrayed on? where were dogs portrayed with dogs in art from ?
what type of scenes were popular in the middle ages and the renaissance? what type of scenes were popular ?
what were the walls of what were dogs portrayed on? where were dogs portrayed with dogs in art from ?
what scenes were popular in the middle ages and the renaissance? what scenes were often seen in the middle ?
how were representations of dogs portrayed as being more elaborate than the portrayed of dogs portrayed as being more elaborate ?
dogs are vulnerable to health issues with obesity and dental disease, diabetes, dental, heart disease and dental ?
what type of dog breeds are not able to be raised in a breed with the male portion of dog ?
how do dogs face off against humans ?
how do dogs face non - fatal threats from humans? how do they show their most common response to ?
what is the major focus of the great majority of modern research on dog cognition in the modern world is ?
what do wolves and their dog descendants get from humans living in human camps ?
what is one of the key forces that led human success is one of the key forces that led human ?
what have studies on the animal shown the claims of the possible outcomes of humans'views on physical health ?
where do people who don't have fewer visits to cats ?
which olympic relay was the first olympic relay ?
how long did the relay last? how long did the relay last ?
what was the theme of the 2008 summer olympics torch relays were introduced in 2008 ?
what did the organizers call the relay ?
what was the theme of the 2008 summer olympics torch relays were introduced in 2008 ?
where were the plans for the 2008 summer olympics announced ?
what was the relay also called ?
how far did the relay carry the relay? how far did the relay carry the relay ?
when was the olympic games in greece ?
where were the olympic games ?
when did the torch arrive in beijing ?
how many continents were the torch following the olympic games? how many continents were the torch following the olympic ?
what road has the torch traveled on ?
where were the olympic games ?
when was the olympic games in greece ?
where did the torch travel to to get to the olympic games ?
when did the torch arrive in beijing ?
what mountain ascension was the relay on the tibetan route on the tibetan route at tibet ?
how many people protested against the relays? how many people protested against the relays ?
how many people were in pyongyang ?
what was the result of the torch relay being protested by people against china's human rights record ?
who extinguished the torch? who extinguished the torch ?
who called the attacks on london and paris were called despicable by the chinese government? who called ?
what group was the most estimated to be more than the number of people protesting the relay ?
what group overwhelmed the protest ?
what group overwhelmed the protest ?
what was the result of the relay protests ?
where were the relay legs visible in the relay ?
who called the olympic relays during the olympic relays during the olympics ?
what kind of flags were removed from the olympic flags ?
what did the olympic committee decide to scrap in the olympics ?
who called the olympic relays during the olympic relays during the olympics ?
what did the olympic committee state that any athletes displaying tibetan flags at olympic events? what did the olympic ?
who rejected the olympic relay calls ?
what did the olympic committee decide to scrap in the olympics ?
what olympic games were the plans for the beijing olympic relay slated to be cancelled ?
what olympic games were the plans for the beijing olympic relay slated to be cancelled ?
what is the traditional chinese design for the olympic torch ?
what material is the olympic torch made out of ?
how much does the olympic torch weigh ?
what key is used to ignite and extinguish the flame ?
what is the traditional chinese design for the olympic torch ?
what material is the olympic torch made out of ?
how many miles per hour is the torch designed to remain in miles per hour ?
how much does the olympic torch weigh ?
what is the cans of the torch fueled by ?
what aircraft traveled with the torch to the olympic game ?
what colors were on the olympic side of the olympic games ?
when was air china chosen as the olympic torch carrier ?
how long did the ski olympic fly through 21 countries and regions? how long did the ski olympic fly ?
what aircraft was a chartered air china ?
what colors were on the olympic side of the olympic games ?
what country chartered the torch ?
how long did the ski olympic fly through 21 countries and regions through 21 countries and regions through 21 countries ?
how many countries and regions did the skiff - skiff - skiff - skiff - ski ?
how many continents carried the torch through the ho chi minh trail ?
where did the original plans for the route before ho chi minh city and hong kong before the route was ?
what countries were reservations about taiwan using the route for the route to travel to taiwan ?
how many continents did the route carry the torch through ?
where was the torch route ?
what countries were reservations about taiwan using the route for the route to travel to taiwan ?
how many kilometers was the torch route in taiwan ?
what was the olympic flame of greece ?
where was the olympic flame torch lighting ceremony held ?
who handed the flame over to the second torchbearer ?
who ignited the first torchbearer to ignited the torch ?
when did the people's republic of china protest the olympic flame ?
where was the olympic flame torch lighting ceremony held ?
who ignited the first torchbearer to ignited the torch ?
what was the medalist of the 2004 summer olympics ?
who handed the flame over to the second torchbearer ?
where were the police in protest of the olympic flame ?
who boycotted the french hypermart call to boycott the french hypermart boycott ?
who was the major shareholder of the company's major shareholder was the company's major shareholder ?
some burned french flags, some added nazism's swastika to what country's flag ?
what major chinese cities were targeted by the chinese protests ?
who was the major shareholder of the company's major shareholder was the company's major shareholder ?
what was the name of the chinese government trying to calm the situation ?
who boycotted the french hypermart call to boycott the french hypermart boycott ?
which newspaper was the editorial that the chinese people wanted to express their nationalist sentiments ?
which newspaper was the editorial that the chinese people wanted to express their nationalist sentiments ?
what type of manner did the media express patriotic aspiration in the media? what type of manner did ?
where was the first torchbearer ?
who was the first torchbearer to run from medeo stadium ?
who was the first torchbearer in kazakhstan ?
where did the first torchbearer travel to when did the first torchbearer travel to ?
who ere deported to china ?
who was the first torchbearer to be first torchbearer in almaty ?
who was the first torchbearer to run from medeo stadium ?
how far did the first torchbearer travel from medeo stadium to kazakhstan ?
what was the name of the ctivists were deported to china ?
on what street was the relay leg held ?
where did the relay leg of the relay leg of the relay leg finish ?
where did the relay leg of the relay leg in istanbul start ?
who was killed in the relay leg of the relay leg of the relay leg of the relay leg of ?
where is the relay leg of the relay leg held ?
where did the relay leg of the relay leg in istanbul start ?
where did the relay leg of the relay leg of the relay leg finish ?
who protested at chinese treatment of their people at the relay leg of the relay leg of the relay leg ?
what were the people who tried to disrupt the relay leg of the relay leg of the relay leg of ?
what was the first olympic torch to arrive in the olympic torch ?
where did the olympic torch start ?
where did the olympic torch finish ?
who was the first active sikh to carry the first sikh to carry the olympic flame ?
where did the olympic torch arrive in russia ?
where did the olympic torch start ?
where did the olympic torch finish ?
who was the first active sikh to carry the first sikh to carry the olympic flame ?
where was the torch relay leg held ?
who was the host city for the 2012 summer olympics ?
how much did the security clock say they cost to see the torch relay security ?
where was the torch relay leg held ?
where did the london olympic committee host the 2012 summer olympics ?
where did london's london olympic stadium end ?
how long was london's torch relay leg ?
what was the london olympic committee's official name ?
how many torch - bearers in london were the torch - bearers of the torch bearers of ?
who was the london torch - bearer of the torch bearers in london? who was the most famous ?
who refused to carry the torch ?
who welcomed the torch bearers from the bbc to encourage the torch to take the torch south side ?
who was the london torch - bearer of the torch bearers in london? who was the most famous ?
how many torch - bearers in london were the torch - bearers of the torch bearers of ?
who refused to carry the torch ?
where did prime minister gordon brown welcomed the torch without touching it ?
who attempted to take control of the torch ?
on which level was the torch relay leg of the torch relay leg held on which level of the torch ?
[pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
who did the torch relay start the torch finished the relay by ?
who was the torch relay relay was about to hand over to te who was the torch relay relayed ?
on which level was the torch relay leg of the torch relay leg held on which level of the torch ?
who was the torch relay leg of the torch relay leg held on april 7 ?
[pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
how many people were red led by the torch ?
what did the relays in french judoka and torch [pad] [pad]ed the flame [pad] to get rid ?
who flown the tibetan flag from a window in the city hall? who flown the tibetan flag from a ?
who carried the torch on a wheelchair ?
what was jin jing called in chinese worldwide ?
what did chinese officials cancel the what amidst disruptions ?
who carried the torch on a wheelchair ?
what was jin jing called in chinese worldwide ?
who flown the tibetan flag from a window in the city hall? who flown the tibetan flag from a ?
who organised several symbolic protests ?
what is the name of the famous broadcast banner taken by reporters without borders to hang a protest banner from ?
from what cathedral did reporters'banner get presented to reporters without borders'banner is the banners banners of ?
what type of symbol is presented to reporters without borders'banner is presented to reporters without borders'banner ?
who organised several symbolic protests ?
from what cathedral did reporters'banner get presented to reporters without borders'banner was the banners banners of ?
where did the protesters gather? where did the protesters gather ?
who spoke to the protest ?
who was the president of french tibetan communities? who was the president of french tibetan communities ?
where did the protesters gather? where did the tibetan protesters gather banners and tibetan flags ?
what kind of protest were the protesters ?
who spoke to the protest ?
what did the media about the protest lack ?
what pause did french politicians take a pause in ?
what phrase was read on the banner that read the declaration of freedom for tibet ?
what did the people protesting about the ban scream that the ban was shouted ?
who organized a protest with french politicians ?
what pause did french politicians take a pause in ?
what phrase was read on the banner that read the declaration of freedom for tibet ?
what did the people protesting about the ban scream that the ban was shouted ?
what kind of flags were produced from the french people ?
which magazine said the french police were criticized for their handling the tibetan protests ?
where was the tibetan flag not allowed to be removed from the tibetan flag ?
who was the minister of the interior of switzerland who said the tibetan flag was not allowed to be given ?
what kind of flags were produced from the french people ?
where was the tibetan flag forbidden from being everywhere in the tibetan flag ?
who was the minister of the interior of switzerland who said the tibetan flag was not allowed to be given ?
who struck the cameraman for france 2's struck the cameraman's face ?
where did the torch relay's north american leg take place ?
what was the name of the relay leg of the torch relay's north american leg took place on ?
where was the olympic champion alive the first torchbearer ?
where was the event held at justin herman plaza ?
who was the head of the u. s. olympic committee ?
where did the torch relay's north american leg take place ?
what was the name of the relay leg of the torch relay's north american leg took place on ?
who led the first torch relay ?
what was the planned closing ceremony at which j was cancelled ?
who approved the resolution addressing human rights concerns ?
what was the result of the beijing olympic torch coming about in china ?
when were the protests planned ?
when did the san francisco board of supervisors approve a resolution addressing concerns of human rights concerns ?
who approved the resolution addressing human rights concerns ?
where was the city's protest held ?
who led the united nations plaza led by actor desmond tutu ?
which bridge did three activists scaled the suspension cables of which bridge were scaled the suspension cables of which bridge ?
what was the local tv station that spoke to the idea that tibet had a cellphone ?
who requested that the torch was requested to be shortened ?
which bridge did three activists scaled the suspension cables of which bridge were scaled the suspension cables of which bridge ?
who spoke to the local tv station kpix - cbs5 live from a cellphone, speaking ?
how many supporters face charges related to trespassing, conspiracy, and causing public nuisance of the ?
how many activists scaled the suspension cables of the golden gate bridge ?
where did the relay take off as the relay descended into confusion? where did the relay take off as ?
who was the torchbearers? who was the torchbearers ?
who was the torchbearers? who was the torchbearers ?
where did the closing ceremonies take place at the closing ceremonies ?
where did the torch take place ?
what street was the torch re - located near ?
who began the torch relay leg in argentina began with an artistic show ?
where did the torch relay leg take place ?
who gave the torch to the first torchbearer ?
where was the torch relay leg from argentina held ?
where did the torch relay leg take place ?
who gave the torch to the first torchbearer ?
who was the first torchbearer ?
how did people come to the parade route of the torch relay leg ?
who said they want to announce they would not get out of the olympic torch ?
where did protesters go in an alternative march that featured their own human rights torch ?
what was the giant banner reading displayed on the torch route ?
who said they want to announce they would not get out of the olympic torch ?
where did protesters go to protest the tribute the protesters received ?
what did protesters in the alternative march from the obelisk to the city hall display their own ?
what was the giant banner reading displayed on the torch route ?
who was the representative of the rights movement ?
who is the outreach director of hrtr ?
what is susan prager the communication director of ?
who was the cause of the relay setback ?
how many police officers were employed to protect the relay? how many police officers were employed to protect the ?
what was thrown in an attempt to extinguish the olympic flame to the olympic flame ?
what is susan prager the communication director of ?
who was the cause of the relay setback ?
how many police officers were employed to protect the relay? how many police officers were employed to protect the ?
what was thrown in an attempt to extinguish the olympic flame to the olympic flame ?
what type of protests were the relay protests in nature ?
what was the name of the torch's only stop in africa ?
what was the relay on which the torch was the only stop in africa ?
where did the relay begin ?
what was the name of the torch's only stop in africa ?
which railway was the relay starting at ?
what was the name of the b - torch relay ?
where was the tazara railway's largest foreign aid project in the 1970s ?
who lit the torch ?
what was the name of the torch's only stop in the middle east ?
on what road was the sultanate of oman's sultanate of oman's only stop in the middle ?
who was the name of the syrian actress in the torchbearers ?
what was the name of the torch's only stop in the middle east ?
how many meters did the relay cover ?
who was the name of the syrian actress in the torchbearers ?
who spoke at the first time the olympic torch was first carried out in pakistan ?
where was the relay at the olympic torch held ?
who was the relay leader at the olympics ?
who led the relay in pakistan ?
where was the relay being carried out in ji ?
what was the name of the relay through new delhi on which day was the relay through new delhi ?
how many unners shared the relay between new delhi and tibet? how many unners shared the relay ?
who was the indian national football captain who was the first athlete to refuse to run with the torch relay ?
who ntended torchbearers - kiran bedi, soha ali khan, sachin tend ?
who was the relay through which ne was cut to km ?
how long was the relay through new delhi ?
how many unners shared the relay between new delhi and tibet? how many unners shared the relay ?
who ntended torchbearers - kiran bedi, soha ali khan, sachin tend ?
who was the indian national football captain who was the first athlete to refuse to run with the torch relay ?
what is the security that the indian authorities have given the indian embassy the security that is normally associated with ?
who was the indian ambassador to beijing ?
who was kamal nath ?
who was india's commerce minister ?
the foreign ministry was summoned to the foreign ministry? at what local time was the ambassador summoned to the ?
what is the name of the celebration of london's security is usually associated with what celebration is considered ?
what are republic day celebrations considered to be the republic day celebrations considered to be ?
how many people were expelled from india ?
what did india declare india to be in response to the ban ?
who rejected the offer of the olympic torch route ?
how many people were expelled from india ?
what did india reject in response to the ban ?
what did india refuse to allow to allow the olympic torch relay to be refused to allow the indian officials ?
what has the rapid deterioration of between india and china caused to lead to the rapid deterioration of what has ?
who stated that it did not support the olympic torch relay ?
who refused to participate in the protest ?
what was the name of the indian social activist who was a retired officer kiran bedi ?
who pulled out of the olympic torch relay ?
on what date was the protest held in delhi against chinese repression in tibet ?
who refused to participate in the protest ?
who pulled out of the olympic torch relay ?
where was the protest held ?
who broken up in the protest ?
what was kiran bedi's occupation ?
who was the first olympic flame to visit thailand ?
who was the chairwoman of the green world foundation was the chairwoman of the gwf ?
who gave the media the chinese embassy provided their media to provide their media to the people who provided their ?
who was the first olympic flame to visit thailand ?
how long was the relay in thailand ?
who did thai authorities threaten to arrest? who did thai authorities threaten to arrest? who did thai authorities ?
who was the intended torchbearer mo ?
on which malaysialian street was the first time the relay began ?
where was the capital city held ?
where did the long - relay start from ?
how many people attended the last olympic torch relay held in malaysia ?
where did the long - relay start from ?
what was the name of the famous mong that passed on the olympic flame ?
how many people attended the last olympic torch relay held in malaysia ?
how many people were on the team that defended the olympic flame from the olympic torch relay ?
which relay supporters demonstrated at the relay supporters demonstrated in front of the chinese embassy in the malaysian capital ?
which relay supporters demonstrated at the relay supporters demonstrated in front of the chinese embassy in the malaysian capital ?
what was used to hit the chinese embassy with what kind of baton was used to hit the tibetan flag ?
what did chinese people speak at independence square ?
what did the chinese volunteers take from two malaysians protesting at the relay ?
what was the exact time that the olympic flame reached jakarta ?
what was the request of the olympic flame ?
what group of people came to the city in response to the relay through jakarta's olympic flame ?
which city did the olympic flame travel to indonesia ?
how big was the relay through jakarta ?
why was the relay through jakarta cancelled ?
what was the name of the city main stadium ?
what was the name of the stadium protests took place in indonesia ?
what is the name of australia's capital territory was canberra named australia's capital territory ?
who presented the olympic flame to the canberra olympic flame ?
what did queen elizabeth offer the olympic flame to the canberra olympic flame ?
who were the au people's attendants at the olympic flame ?
where was the australian capital territory held ?
how much distance from canberra, how far from canberra, how much distance from canberra was canberra's ?
what was the re - in - law of canberra's central area called ?
who reparations for the canberra protest were cut off from canberra, and the protest was held in ?
who presented the olympic flame to the canberra olympic flame ?
who did china request permission to deploy to aid the relay route ?
what do chinese australian students defend against ethnic degenerate scum ?
who is the chairman of the australian council of chinese organisations ?
who said chinese officials were urging supporters to allow chinese people to participate in the protest ?
what group did china request permission to deploy to the canberra relay route ?
who has been given powers to search relay spectators ?
who is the chairman of the australian council of chinese organisations ?
who told the media that the relay was being organised ?
who said chinese officials were urging supporters to allow chinese people to participate in the protest ?
who was the intended torchbearer ?
who said that the decision was a good example of peacefully making a point of the decision ?
who was the intended torchbearer ?
who said that china's human rights record was very good at making a point about china's ?
who led the relay committee? who led the relay committee ?
how many pro - tibet protesters were expected to attend the relay? how many pro - tibet protesters were ?
who was the official that said they were concerned about tibet's involvement in the relay committee ?
who was the olympic gold medalist ?
how many pro - tibet protesters were expected to attend the relay? how many pro - tibet protesters were ?
how many chinese supporters were in the relay? how many chinese supporters were in the relays? how ?
who led the relay committee? who led the relay committee ?
who was the official that said they were concerned about tibet's involvement in the relay committee ?
where did the winter olympics take place in japan ?
who attended the 1998 winter olympics ?
where did the winter olympics take place in japan ?
how many winter olympics were held in nagano ?
which olympic torch relay was the starting point for the olympic torch relay in nagano ?
what was the previous starting point of the new starting point of the olympic torch relay ?
how many people were affected by the relays ?
where was the 1988 summer olympics held ?
how many summer olympics were held in seoul? how many summer olympics were held in seoul? how many ?
where did the seoul protests begin? where did the seoul protests begin ?
who attacked the olympic relay? how did the students engage in the protest ?
where was the 1988 summer olympics held ?
how many summer olympics were held in seoul? how many summer olympics were held in seoul? how many ?
what was the first time that the olympic torch traveled to north korea ?
who presided over the relay in pyongyang ?
who was the runner of the olympic torch ?
what is the name of the famous monument that was created by the olympic torch ?
where did the relay begin ?
what was the first time that the olympic torch has traveled to north korea ?
what flags were presented to the olympic torch ?
who was the runner of the olympic torch ?
what did unicef say they were not concerned about the relay ?
what is north korea frequently listed as the worst offenders that north korea is frequently listed as the worst offenders ?
what agency withdrew their staff from the united nations organization's work withdrew their staff from the united nations ?
what did unicef withdraw from the unicef staff ?
what was the goal of the unicef relay ?
what country is the worst offenders against human rights ?
what was the name of the torch relay for the ho chi minh city event ?
where was the vietnam event held ?
how many torchbearers carried the torch from the downtown opera house to the military? how many ?
where did some 60 torchbearers carry the torch to ho chi minh city ?
where did some 60 torchbearers carry the torch to ho chi minh city ?
what is the name of the city that was named sansha in 2007 ?
what are the tensions about vietnam involved in a territorial dispute with china ?
what was the county level city that the chinese government established in disputed territories ?
where were the chinese demonstrations held in december 2007 ?
who warned government agencies that hostile civilians were warned about the relay ?
how many protestors were arrested before the rally? how many protestors were arrested before the rally ?
who was the outspoken beijing rally speaker, nguyen van hai ?
who wrote a letter protesting china's olympic stance on the olympic committee's participation in the international ?
how many protestors were arrested before the rally? how many protestors were arrested before the rally ?
who was ieu cay's real name ?
what was the charge for the arrested vietnamese protester ?
who wrote a letter protesting china's olympic stance on the olympic committee's participation in the international ?
what was removed from the official website of china's official website appeared to remove the olympic relay in ?
when was the hong kong relay held ?
who was the olympic medalist ?
where was the hong kong relay held ?
where did the torch relay end in hong kong? where did the torch relay end ?
how many torchbearers were selected to participate in the hong kong torch relay? how many torch ?
when was the hong kong relay held ?
who handed the torch to the first torchbearer ?
what boat was used before the olympic torch relays took place in hong kong ?
how many torchbearers were selected to participate in the hong kong torch relay? how many torch ?
who was the relay the torch relay made up of ?
what did the people protest the relay ?
what did the labour movement want accountability for ?
who was the student who spoke out against the tibetan snow lion flag ?
who claimed she was being taken off against the government ?
what did the protesters claim? what did the protesters claim ?
what did the hong kong alliance protest the olympic flame for democracy ?
who spoke out against the hong kong protests? who spoke out against the hong kong protests? who spoke ?
what did christina chan bring around the body of the people protesting the protest? what did christina chan bring ?
which group was led by jens galschit ?
what was the name of the building that was designed to be named the color orange democracy group ?
why were the people denied entry to hong kong ?
which hollywood actress was questioned at hong kong? who was questioned at hong kong ?
what was hong kong's policy towards hong kong considered a violation to hong kong's ideology ?
what democracy group was led by hans galschit ?
what was the name of the building that was designed to be named the color orange democracy group ?
why were the people denied entry to hong kong ?
which hollywood actress was questioned at hong kong? who was questioned at hong kong ?
what was the first time the olympic torch traveled to macau ?
where was the olympic torch held in macau? where was the first time the olympic torch traveled to macau ?
how many torchbearers participated in the 2008 torchbearer event? how many torchbe ?
what was the name of the first torchbearer to participate in the 2008 olympics? name one ?
what was one of the non - a. who was the torchbearers of macau's ?
what was the first time the olympic torch traveled to macau ?
how many torchbearers participated in the 2008 torchbearer event? how many torchbe ?
what was the name of the first torchbearer to participate in the 2008 olympics? name one ?
what was the name of the first torchbearers participation in the 2008 olympics ?
what magazine criticized the olympic torchbearer's article ?
what website broadcast a message from a macau resident post a message expressing the concerns about the relay message ?
what website shut down from may 2 to 4 of the online media channel shut down from may 2 to ?
who was arrested for posting a message about the relay message made by the embassy in macau ?
what website broadcast a message from a macau resident post a message expressing the concerns about the relay message ?
who denied the shutdowns of the relays ?
how many people attended the torch to china ?
who was the chinese olympic committee officials and chinese big names for the relay ?
how many people attended the torch to china ?
who was the first time the torch returned to china ?
who named the olympic committee's olympic committee ?
who was the chinese olympic committee officials and chinese big names for the relay ?
how have chinese media coverage of the relay taken on the olympic flame described chinese media? how have western ?
chinese netizens in turn against western media coverage of the relays have chinese netizens in ?
which french paper was criticized for allegedly biased reporting ?
what has been distinct from the olympic flame? what has been distinct from the olympic flame ?
how have chinese media coverage of the relay taken on the olympic flame? how have chinese media coverage been ?
who disruption of the torch lighting ceremony ?
which french paper was criticized for allegedly biased reporting ?
who did the chinese press support ?
what was the chinese media focused on in response to the chinese media? what was the chinese media focused ?
what did the relay spectators do? what did the relay spectators do? what did the cctv and ?
who expressed pride at taking part in the relays ?
what political ideology did xinhua think protesters were trampled human rights ?
who expressed pride at taking part in the relays ?
who quoted relay spectators as condemned for the relay protests ?
what did the chinese torchbearers vow to run for ?
what should not be mixed with sports and politics should not be mixed with sports and politics in the olympics ?
what vow did the chinese relay claim to have done what ?
what should not be mixed with sports and politics should not be mixed with sports and politics in the olympics ?
which foreign newspaper accused western media of demonizing china ?
what was the name of the chinese media channel who reported the western media was being accused of bias by ?
some western media reported on chinese accusations of what have some western media reported on? what have some western ?
who accused western media of demonizing china during the relays ?
which foreign newspaper accused western media of demonizing china ?
what was the name of the chinese media channel who reported the western media was being accused of bias by ?
what was the name of the cable network that relay the olympic torch relay by which u. s. ?
what was the name of the cable network that relay the olympic torch relay by which u. s. ?
who called on cnn to apologize for allegedly insulted the chinese people ?
what was the name of the article published by bbc that raised criticisms about the bbc's reporting ?
who noted that chinese people were now able to access the bbc news website for the first time to comment ?
how many people gathered outside bbc buildings in april 19 ?
who noted that chinese people were now able to access the bbc news website for the first time to comment ?
what country did pauldizer say people who criticize the media for their coverage of china ?
which magazine published an article in an article about the foreign people's opinions about the foreign people were ?
which magazine published an article in an article about the foreign people's opinions about the foreign people were ?
what website did the chinese government appear to be running on april 4, 2012 ?
who claimed the chinese government claimed the anti - cnn website was created by the chinese government? who claimed ?
who claimed the chinese government claimed the anti - cnn website was created by the chinese government? who claimed ?
who voiced reservations about the chinese government's accusations against cnn ?
how many people were sent to the beijing olympic organizing committee's group of people's armed police ?
when was the olympic flame protection unit sworn in as the beijing olympic games sacred flame protection unit ?
what kind ofuit were wear by the beijing olympic organizing committee ?
what was the name of the torch attendants who are the beijing olympic organizing committee's torch attendants dubbed ?
how many people were sent to the beijing olympic organizing committee's group of people's armed police ?
when was the olympic flame protection unit sworn in as the beijing olympic games sacred flame protection unit ?
what kind ofuit were the beijing olympic games sacred flame protection unit's clothing matching ?
what was the name of the torch attendants who are the beijing olympic organizing committee's torch attendants dubbed ?
what was the name of the french hypermart boycott began spreading online through mobile text messaging? what was ?
who was the major shareholder targeted by the chinese against carrefour ?
who did the lvmh group donating money to ?
what did some people add swastika to ?
who was the major shareholder targeted by the chinese against carrefour ?
what did chinese protesters accuse the french nation of pro - secessionists of conspiracy and what did the french ?
what was the name of the protests that took place in 2005 ?
which media outlet spoke about the protest ?
what internet forums were censored ?
when did the chinese government protest the protests ?
what was the name of the protests that took place in 2005 ?
which media outlet spoke about the protest ?
who responded to the protests ?
when were the korean protests taking place ?
who said the relay was a great nuisance for the city in nagano ?
how did shoichi washizawa describe the city's refusal to host the relays ?
what was the name of the temple in nagano ?
who said the relay was a great nuisance for the city in nagano ?
how did shoichi washizawa describe the city's refusal to host the relays ?
what was the name of the temple in nagano ?
what kind of lanterns are used to remember the olympic flame's olympic flame ?
when is the olympic flame lit? when is the olympic flame lit ?
what is the name of the vehicle that was made an illegal vehicle to protest the relay for living conditions ?
who did chinese media report on ?
who initially gave the chinese paralympic athlete much attention from the chinese paralympic athlete's first appearance in the ?
how many additional teams of 40 attendants are in the chinese - european union ?
how many attendants are in each team on the mainland china route are the 2 additional teams of attendants in ?
what did the book, written by godel, bring the focus of the focus of the book that ?
what is the ultimate substantive legacy of principia mathematica is considered to be the ultimate ?
who created the theorem that was written by godel's 1931 paper, incompleteness theorem, is ?
what is the ultimate implication of the final proof of the supreme substantive legacy of principia math ?
what conclusion did godel not reach his conclusion to the final implication of principia mathema ?
when was the final proof of the incompleteness theorem ?
what did godel's theorem of 1931 demonstrate ?
who is the key role in disproving the possibility of achieving its own stated goals ?
what field did godel's book bring into contact with logic, epistemology, logic, ?
what was the name of whitehead's essay from which aims of education derived its name from ?
what did whitehead think inert ideas ?
what did whitehead think education with inert ideas is not useless to whitehead? what did whitehead think education ?
in what year was the aims of education and other essays published ?
when was the aims of education and other essays published ?
in what year was the aims of education and other essays published ?
what was the focus of whitehead's nobel lecture between 1912 and 1927 ?
what did whitehead refer to as ideas that are disconnected scraps of information ?
what did whitehead believe the student could do ?
what did whitehead believe the student learned ?
what should be the opposite of the multidisciplinary of knowledge? what should be the opposite ?
what should be the opposite of the value - free school model? what should be the opposite of the ?
what did whitehead believe the student learned from ?
what did whitehead believe the student could do with their knowledge ?
what model did whitehead use to teach people the opposite of multidisciplinary ?
did whitehead have a great interest in philosophy ?
what did whitehead write ?
what did whitehead think of whitehead ?
who did whitehead write a letter to ?
what type of education did whitehead not have a great interest in ?
who did bertrand russell write a letter about ?
what did whitehead think himself to be ?
in later life whitehead became what ?
what did whitehead say? what did whitehead say in his 1927 class ?
what did whitehead believe the metaphysical assumptions of the universe are not easily seen precisely because of their unexa ?
what did whitehead believe? what did whitehead believe people need to do to think about the metaphysical first principles ?
what did whitehead think metaphysical investigations were essential to ?
what did whitehead believe scientists and philosophers do in whitehead's view of philosophy ?
why did whitehead believe the metaphysical assumptions of the universe were not easily seen precisely ?
what did whitehead believe people need to continually re - imagine ?
what did whitehead think was essential to both good science and good philosophy ?
what did whitehead believe reality is fundamentally constructed of bits of matter that exist totally independently of one another ?
what did whitehead believe reality is fundamentally interrelated and dependent on ?
what did whitehead use the term " experience " to describe? what did whitehead use to describe the experience ?
what did whitehead oppose descartes'separation of ?
what did whitehead refer to his metaphysical system as ?
what did whitehead think reality is fundamentally constructed of bits of matter that exist totally independently of one another ?
what did whitehead reject in the " process " philosophy of organism? what did whitehead reject in his philosophy ?
what fundamentally does the " process " ontology in which events are fundamentally what fundamentally ?
what type of reality did whitehead believe the basic elements of reality can be regarded as ?
what did whitehead think the metaphysical system of organism would become more widely known as ?
what do materialists think is the fallacy of misplaced concreteness of the concept of " society ?
what are some of the problematic concepts in whitehead's view ?
what is the problem with meaning the same thing as the classical concepts of quality, matter, and form ?
what is the definition of what is ordinarily described as ?
what does whitehead believe people change the world's views on the concept of " fallacy of mis ?
what fail to account for change in the world ?
what do classical concepts fail to adequately account for ?
what are some of the problematic concepts in whitehead's view? what are some of the problems ?
what does whitehead believe people change the world's fundamentally different world ?
what is the definition of what is ordinarily described as ?
what are the only fundamentally existent things in whitehead's cosmology? what are the only fundamentally ?
what are two types of identity that is unchanging is a thing or person is often seen as ?
what changes in the way of thinking change in people are described as changes in the way of thinking ?
what is a core identity that is unchanging and described what the thing or person is often seen ?
what are the only fundamentally existent things in whitehead's cosmology? what are the only fundamentally ?
what do the two fundamentally existent things overlap in ?
what does the term " enduring essence " mean? what does the term enduring essence " miss the fact ?
what don't define people ?
what is the main reason for this change in thinking ?
what is the limitation of everyday living and everyday speech? what is the limitation of everyday living and everyday ?
what did whitehead point to as one of the main culprits in maintaining a materialistic way ?
what is it about a person that is not the same from one second to the next to one question ?
what did whitehead point to as one of the main culprits in maintaining a materialistic way ?
what did whitehead point to as one of the main culprits in maintaining a materialistic way ?
what is the time that people and objects are fundamentally the same things they do when people and objects are ?
what is the second solution to the problem of materialism ?
what is the second problem with materialism ?
what is the main role of relations in whitehead's view of objects ?
what does it mean to see objects distinct and discrete from all other objects distinct from each other ?
what is a second problem with materialism ?
what is a second problem with obscure relations with the idea of matter as distinct and discrete from all other ?
what does it appear that it sees every object as ?
how is each object's relation to other things related to other things ?
how does whitehead describe any entity ?
what does whitehead believe the universe to be ?
what is the definition of something that is not related to the rest of the universe ?
what is the relationship between whitehead and relations between whitehead and the other entities ?
what does whitehead see itself as in some sense ?
what is a chance of a real thing being just that is not true of it's relation to ?
what is the relationship between what two things between the two things of the world between whitehead and the other ?
what does whitehead see itself as ?
how does the rest of the universe do so ?
where did attention to whitehead's work extend to depth ?
who was one of the first theologians to attempt to interact with whitehead's beliefs on canterbury ?
what was the name of the lectures published as " nature, man and god "? what was the ?
what is the focus of the palette ?
what fields of study come from diverse fields of study ?
where were early followers of whitehead ?
who initiated an interest in whitehead's work ?
who was the most famous of whitehead's works ?
who made whitehead's philosophy important ?
where is whitehead's thought currently growing the most quickly ?
what are the challenges that have caused china to focus on ?
what has china begun to blend with whitehead's philosophy ?
who are two chinese philosophers? who are becoming required reading for chinese graduate students ?
what is the focus of china's interest in process philosophy ?
what is an alternative to whitehead's philosophy that matter is not considered political ?
what is passe ?
what is another way to describe whitehead's philosophy ?
what is the minority view of whitehead's beliefs on the influence of whitehead ?
what philosophical school has historically had a close relationship with process philosophy ?
who did whitehead think was the most important philosopher ?
who is one example of a philosopher who advocates process philosophy and pragmatism ?
who was the founder of pragmatism ?
who was in turn a student of hartshorne ?
what has whitehead's theory of gravitation been compared to einstein's work? what has ?
who are among those who have influenced whitehead's views on the theory of relativity? who have been ?
what has happened to whitehead's views on the theory of gravitational waves? what has happened to whitehead ?
what does whitehead believe is unique about whitehead's views on space ?
what must whitehead's cosmology be regarded as ?
what award did cobb receive for ideas improving world order ?
what was the name of the first book published by john b. cobb jr.'s 1971 book ?
what is the name of the book that was written by hermanturk and hermanturk in which ?
what was the name of the second book published by cobb's 1994 book aimed to challenge " economists ?
what was the aim of the second book, the impact of the global economy aimed at what point in ?
who developed the feels model developed by ?
what does the feels model stand for ?
what is the purpose of the feels model ?
what are the effects of the feels model's relationship with china ?
who wrote the philosophy of management and business administration ?
what does mark dibben call what works that mark dibben describes ?
what are the major papers in field studies on process thought ii ?
what did whitehead have influenced? what did whitehead have influenced ?
what has dibben's work on process thought been described by dibben? what does ?
in what decade did whitehead begin to focus on philosophy in the late 1920s? in what decade did whitehead ?
what did whitehead turn his focus from mathematics to ?
what did whitehead believe reality is more like material objects ?
what theory did whitehead reject ?
what are the foundational texts of time's philosophical works are considered to be the foundational texts ?
what field did whitehead turn his focus from ?
what did whitehead turn his focus to in the late 1910s and early 1920s? what did whitehead turn his ?
what did whitehead turn his focus to in the 1920s ?
what sort of system did whitehead create ?
what did whitehead believe reality is more like material objects ?
where was alfred north whitehead born ?
when was alfred north whitehead born ?
who founded the school for boys ?
what was alfred whitehead's father's occupation ?
who was whitehead's mother ?
where was alfred north whitehead born ?
when was alfred north whitehead born ?
what positions did alfred whitehead's father hold ?
who was whitehead's mother ?
who was whitehead's wife ?
whitehead accepted high administrative positions within what school did whitehead accept high administrative positions ?
what position did whitehead hold at the university of london ?
what position did whitehead hold in 1920 ?
in what year did whitehead depart from america ?
whitehead was able to earn what degree ?
in what year did whitehead begin to exert his academic responsibilities began to expand ?
what position did whitehead hold at the university of london ?
whitehead accepted high administrative positions within what school system ?
in what year did whitehead depart from america ?
who wrote the biography of whitehead ?
what did whitehead's family do ?
what was whitehead known for ?
what was the first page of whitehead's biography about whitehead ?
how many volumes long was the biography of whitehead ?
who wrote the biography of whitehead ?
what did whitehead's family do ?
what did whitehead believe was fanatical belief? what did whitehead believe was fanatical belief ?
what was the name of the first major work of whitehead's ?
who co - authored principia mathematica ?
who was the book aimed at ?
what was the name of the first major work by whitehead's 1911 book ?
what is principia mathematica considered to be principia mathematica ?
what subject did whitehead write numerous articles on ?
how many major books did whitehead write ?
who co - authored principia mathematica ?
what is one of the most important mathematical logic in the 20th century ?
when was a treatise on universal algebra published ?
what did lie algebras and hyperbolic quaternions focus on at the time of lie algebra ?
what did alexander macfarlane believe the main ideas of lie algebras and quaternions describe the ?
what did g. b. mathews say was the significance of lie algebras and the variety of its ?
what did lie algebras and hyperbolic quaternions focus on ?
what property did g. b. mathews say the variety of its themes was remarkable ?
what did alexander macfarlane believe the basic idea of lie algebras and quaternions to be ?
how long did it take for principia mathematica to complete the principia ?
how long did it take principia to complete the principia mathematica to ?
what was the impact of the three volumes of mit worldly large at the beginning of the publishing of ?
how many pounds did the three - volume work get translated by cambridge university press ?
what is the name of the major academic library that does not hold a copy of principia ?
how long did it take for principia mathematica to complete the principia ?
how long did it take principia to complete the principia mathematica to ?
how many volumes were published to add insult to injury ?
how many pages long was the three - volume work that was published to add insult to injury ?
who paid 300 pounds to pay 300 pounds to write the first published work paid for the 300 pounds that ?
what is whitehead's philosophical work considered to be ?
what lectures did whitehead's philosophy center offer in 1927 - 28 ?
what would whitehead publish after arthur eddington's lectures of the year before ?
who followed whitehead's writings ?
what would whitehead publish after arthur eddington's lectures of the year before ?
when were whitehead's gifford lectures delivered ?
what is whitehead's philosophical work generally considered to be in all of the western canon ?
why did mathews'concerns about whitehead's book face off against whitehead's book ?
what did the philosophers and theologians at chicago's divinity school think ?
who was one of america's only whitehead experts ?
what was wieman's lecture so brilliant that he was hired to teach at ku ?
who was upset with whitehead's book did not negatively affect whitehead's interest in whitehead's ?
where were philosophers and theologians of whitehead's book philosophers and theologians ?
in what year did they invited one of america's only whitehead experts to chicago ?
who was one of america's only whitehead experts ?
what did wieman's lecture get to be paid for by wieman's lecture ?
what has the process and reality been called ?
why did whitehead believe the reality and process and reality of the universe was the most impressive metaphysical text of ?
what did whitehead do with western philosophy? what did whitehead do with western philosophy ?
what has been called " the most impressive single metaphysical text of the twentieth century? " ?
who wrote the metaphysical text of the twentieth century ?
what did whitehead question western philosophy's beliefs about ?
what types of problems did whitehead face in 21st century ?
what kind of solutions did whitehead provide ?
what is the principle of existence for whitehead ?
what is it important for a person to consider itself a heretic ?
what do most entities not have ?
what is the main reason for the existence of phenomena that are unpredictable in the environment is that there will ?
what is the principle of existence for whitehead ?
what is emphasized in the concept of an entity ?
what does the absolute principle of existence of a tree have a degree of novelty in how it responds to ?
what does the term prehension come from ?
what does the theory of representative perception do in clear whitehead's rejection of the theory of representative perception ?
what term did whitehead come up with ?
what language does prehensio come from ?
what does prehension mean ?
what kind of perception does the term prehension mean to people ?
how many modes did whitehead think perception occurs in ?
what does the term prehension mean to mean ?
what does whitehead believe the perceived and relations of entities are constituted by ?
what two modes did whitehead believe perception occurring in two modes ?
what is the perception of causal relations between entities perceived as being influenced by the sense of causal relations between ?
what is one reason for the perception of pure appearance in some words ?
what does whitehead describe as " the experience dominating the primitive living organisms ?
what is generally referred to as " pure sense perception "? what is generally referred to as pure sense ?
what is generally referred to as " pure sense perception "? what is generally referred to as pure sense ?
what does whitehead describe causal efficacy as ?
what is presentational immediacy ?
what dominates the more basic mentality of the artist? what dominates the more basic mentality of the ?
what do whitehead terms in higher organisms combine into what whitehead terms in higher organisms ?
what dominates the more basic mentality of the artist? what dominates the more basic mentality of the ?
what do the two modes of perception connect into what do the two modes of perception connect to ?
what do the sense perceptions of the sense perceptions of the sense perceptions of the sense perceptions of the sense ?
what do the two modes of perception combine into what whitehead terms ?
what does an ordinary person do with the perception of a chair in the metaphor ?
what did whitehead think might have stopped at the mere contemplation of a beautiful shape ?
what does whitehead point out that a dog acted immediately on the hypothesis of a chair ?
what did whitehead think? what did whitehead's observations about living well and living well were examples of ?
what does whitehead observe about the higher forms of life? what does whitehead observe about the higher forms of ?
what does whitehead theorizes is directed toward the goal of life? what does whitehead theorize is ?
what does whitehead see life as directed toward the goal of living well ?
what did whitehead think life is comparatively deficient in ?
what does whitehead theorize is the sign of higher forms of life? what does whitehead theorize is ?
how many fold does whitehead theorize is directed toward ?
what does whitehead see life as directed toward the goal of living well ?
what does whitehead think the rise of life was notiable without a goal of living well ?
what did whitehead think people did ?
what did whitehead call the idea of god? what did whitehead call the idea of god ?
what is the most famous criticism of god? what is the most famous criticism of god ?
what does whitehead believe god is ?
what should god be considered to be in whitehead's view of god ?
what did whitehead refer to the potentials of god ?
what did whitehead think god was the second nature of god ?
what type of entity did whitehead think god was ?
what did whitehead believe god should be ?
what is god's nature of god's nature ?
what does god do in other words? what does god do ?
what is god's judgement of a nightingale that is not the judgement of a nightingale ?
what does god do in the lives of god? what does god do in other words? what does ?
what does god do in the way god interact with the world? what does god do in the way ?
what does whitehead believe god is ?
what does whitehead believe god is ?
what does whitehead believe god and the world are fulfilling? does whitehead believe god and the world of god ?
what does whitehead believe god is ?
how does whitehead believe god can provide the permanence of god ?
what was whitehead's core of religion ?
what did whitehead think religion is ?
what did whitehead see religion as ?
what did whitehead think religion is not a dangerous delusion? what did whitehead think religion is not a ?
what did whitehead see religion as beginning in what way did whitehead see religion as beginning ?
what did whitehead believe the philosophy of religion necessitates the realization of? what did religion do ?
what does whitehead believe the universe is a community that makes itself whole through the relatedness of each individual ?
what does whitehead believe the spirit of religion is ?
what does whitehead see religion as ?
how did whitehead come to english - speaking countries? how did whitehead come to english - speaking countries ?
who called whitehead the greatest philosopher of the 20th century ?
where did whitehead get his most of his primary works in english - speaking countries? where did whitehead get ?
who did whitehead teach and supervised the dissertation of willard van orman quine? who did whitehead teach ?
what did whitehead think of whitehead ?
what field has whitehead's work been most influential in ?
who was the most important early proponent of whitehead's thought in a theological sense ?
what is charles hartshorne credited with doing ?
who are some other notable process theologians ?
what is process theology ?
how do process theologians view god ?
what does hartshorne point out? what does hartshorne point out in his view of god ?
why would people praise god for quality in god ?
what is the term for the process theology without god ?
what are the subject of the book written by john b. cobb jr. has been written by john ?
what do roland pump and keller integrate whitehead with ?
what was charles birch's occupation ?
who repeatedly credit whitehead for the process theology ?
why is process theology difficult to define ?
how did whitehead describe religion? what did whitehead describe religion as ?
what does religion take deeply felt emotions and contextualizing people to identify their views on the world of ?
what did religion serve as in whitehead's time ?
what is the mission of religion to make philosophy applicable to the ordinary people is what is the mission of ?
what was mary parker follett known for ?
what do both two men share ?
what process did the relationship between margaret stout and jeannine m. love take place in ?
what did many asset managers choose to do with their investment strategies? what did many asset managers choose to ?
what was the major conflict between professional investment managers and their institutional clients? what was the major conflict between ?
what type of assets are usually targeted by managers to be compensated with the volume of client assets under management ?
why do asset managers expand their assets under management ?
what is the term for the risks associated with the downsides of using asset managers to help maintain their ?
what kind of economy was indymac a spin off of ?
when was the failure of indymac bank failure ?
what was the name of the first visible institution to run into trouble in southern california ?
what was the largest savings and loan association in the los angeles area before its failure ?
who was the parent corporation of indymac bank until the fdic seized indymac bank ?
when did indymac report the financial crisis and the financial crisis of moody's and standard & poor ?
what was the estimated capital ratio of the eck's capital ratio ?
how many mbs of the debt raised by indymac in 2008 ?
what was the downsides of the financial crisis experienced by indymac in 2008? what financial crisis caused ?
what is the capital ratio ?
who was the senator schumer's senator schumer ?
who decided to decline their deposits ?
how much was senator schumer's estimate of the deposits reported to be in penumar ?
when did the regulator disallowed indymac's purchase of indymac's new broker ?
how much would the threat of brokered deposits supposedly be held for a month of the fdic ' ?
how much did account holders withdraw from indymac's deposits ?
how much of indymac's deposits were withdrawn from their hold of indymac's deposits ?
how much debt was indymac forced to hold how much debt was indymac forced to hold when it ?
who released a letter to the fdic and ots on the decline of the decline of the decline ?
what was the underlying cause of the decline of indymac's decline in the decline of indymac ?
who assumed control of the indymac bank ?
how much money are the money that is paid to the money that is paid by the fdic ' ?
how many depositors did the fdic announce they were declared a special advance dividend to ?
when did the fdic put indymac into conservatorship ?
when did the fdic announce plans to open the indymac federal bank ?
how many mortgage lenders went bankrupt during the 2007 and 2008 deals for mortgage lenders did the financial ?
which investment bank's debt crisis caused the united states to collapse in 2008 ?
when did the financial crisis hit its peak ?
when did lehman brothers file the bankruptcy of lehman's former ceo ?
which company filed the largest bankruptcy in the us history ?
what kind of money market was the equivalent of a bank run in september 2008 ?
what do the money market funds usually invest in ?
when did the crisis hit the most critical stage of the crisis ?
how much money was withdrawal from money markets during one week ?
what was the record of revenue from the ted spread in 2008 ?
what system of banking did paul krugman and timothy geithner use to explain the implos ?
what system of banking did paul krugman and timothy geithner use to explain the implos ?
what kind of money can be obtain without the ability to obtain what kind of money can be obtain without ?
what position did timothy geithner hold in the shadow banking system ?
how much of the us lending mechanism was frozen and continued to be frozen into june 2009 ?
what is the primary cause of the reduction in the debt and thus reduction in the debt from traditional banks ?
who has presented the claim that the traditional banks'banks not have the capital to support lending ?
what do the authors of the modern banking system claim to vanish forever ?
what type of capital is not the traditional banking system of the united states ?
how much of their collective net worth was americans'collective net worth in 2008? how much of their ?
what percentage of the us stock index was down from its high in value in 2007 ?
housing prices had dropped from their high end to their highest percentage of housing prices in 2006? how much ?
what was home equity in the united states'highest value was home equity in the united states at its ?
what was home equity in the united states in 2008? what was home equity in the united states in ?
what type of risk facets of equity default is a major risk for a homeowner with no ?
what is the biggest problem with the economy ?
how many homes have substantial equity in the banks of homes two years ago have little or nothing that has ?
what do some people think their creditworthiness depends on in the case of businesses facing the worst down ?
how did the profit prospects look in 2006 compared to the profits of the commercial growth in the cost of ?
what has the rising crisis caused fears of? what has the rising crisis caused ?
what investment bank stated that october 6, 2008 would see a global recession ?
how much would the united states'energy from the united states be spent on the united states'views ?
what country has the largest risk of the decline in the banking crisis ?
what type of injection was made to fix the crisis ?
how much did the u. s. consumption in 2010 fall from 2000 to 2007 ?
what was the annualized rate of decline in gdp in germany for the first quarter of 2009 ?
what was the percent of the us gdp in mexico in 2009 ?
what is the consumer world in the u. s. ?
what is the major reason the united states declined in the u. s. ?
what was the growth forecast in cambodia in 2009 ?
how much did migrant workers reach in 2007 ?
how many people live below the poverty line in bangladesh? how many people live below the poverty line in ?
what does bruno wenn recommend to provide to attract new investors ?
what can cause reductions in growth in cambodia ?
what group was less severely affected by the credit crunch in 2009 ?
what is another alternative for the arab world to avoid going to the market in 2008 ?
what is the impact of the arab countries'economic crisis on the arab world ?
what is the largest impact of the global economic crisis ?
what would lead to the decrease in resource output, increasing reserves and cut down on arab countries? what ?
by october 2009, what was the unemployment rate in october 2009 ?
what was the average hours per work week in 2009 ?
what was the output of goods and services produced by labor and property in the united states in 2008 ?
in what year did the unemployment rate in the u. s. have risen to what was the highest ?
what type of applications were the decrease in output of goods and services produced by the decrease in output of ?
what do critics claim basel iii directly address the problem of basel iii ?
what created major banks to suffer losses from aaa - rated created by basel iii regulations for defrauding ?
what did european regulators introduce for banks that increased capital ratios ?
who believes that basel iii regulations have led to basel iii regulations for basel iii ?
what did basel iii regulations increase ?
when did the u. s. recession end ?
when did the u. s. recession end ?
when did the united states financial crisis inquiry commission date the crisis to what year did the united states financial ?
how did time magazine declare the banking crisis in april 2009 ?
when did obama announce the financial crisis act ?
what types of economies were the financial crisis with what types of economies lagging behind the financial crisis caused ?
what percentage of global gdp did developing economies account for from 2007 to 2014 in terms of global gdp from ?
what did advanced economies lead prior to the financial crisis with emerging economies prior to the financial crisis with emerging ?
what percentage of global gdp did advanced economies account for in 2009 ?
what led global economic growth led prior to the financial crisis with emerging economies lagging behind the financial crisis ?
who has argued that the decline in residential real estate sales has challenged the claims that the mortgage raised by ?
when did sanders report on the financial crisis ?
in what year did the first signs of decline in residential real estate decline ?
what kind of securities were found to have been deterioration in cmbs? what kind of securities were found ?
what do some analysts support the contention that was caused by the crisis in residential real estate? what do ?
what type of debt obligation was paid by the banks that were assigned safe ratings by the credit rating agencies ?
how much money did the giant pool of money represent in worldwide fixed income investments in worldwide fixed income investments ?
how much money did the money that was spent on the billion pound increase from 2000 to 2007 ?
what type of security was the demand for investment banks on wall street ?
what kind of bonds did the shell corporation offer in the 1970s ?
what enabled financial institutions to obtain investor funds to finance subprime and other things that enabled financial institutions ?
what is one of the downsides of the debt obligation to finance subprime and generating large fees ?
what type of ratings did securities receive from rating agencies ?
what is the minimum amount of debt obligations placed on the debt obligations placed on the debt obligations placed on ?
what type of securities have a higher rate of return on the amount invested in the securities that were invested ?
how much had the average u. s. housing prices declined by how much in the mid - 2006 ?
in what period did average u. s. housing prices decline by over 20 % in september 2008 ?
how many properties did lenders begin to foreclosure proceedings for property values in 2007? how ?
what percentage of the median increase in mortgages in 2008 ?
what percentage of mortgages in september 2009 ?
what was the federal funds rate target from 2000 to 2003 ?
why did the federal reserve lowered the federal funds rate target from 2000 to 2003 ?
what did some economists advocate that the fed needs to create to replace the nasdaq bubble ?
what contributed greatly to the severity of the crisis ?
what encouraged the borrowing of the state of the federal funds from 2000 to 2003 ?
how much did the current account deficit increase by between 1996 and 2004 ?
what percentage of gdp did the account deficit increase by $ 650 billion between 1996 and 2004 ?
what were the main economies of the deficits from the us that were the emerging economies mainly in ?
what is the other requirement of the current account deficit ?
what type of money flowed into the u. s. to finance the imports from the us to finance ?
when did the fed raise the fed funds rate ?
what does arm stand for ?
how do asset prices move in relation to interest rates in the oil industry? how do asset prices move ?
what did the fed do in the fed's return to the fed funds from july 2004 to 2006 ?
how did the housing and financial assets after the housing bubble explode after the housing bubble hit the united states ?
where was richard m. bowen iii responsible for over 220 professional underwriters ?
how many professional underwriters did richard m. bowen iii hold responsibility for managing the commercial middle under ?
in 2006 what percentage of mortgages were defective in 2006? how much of mortgages were purchased by ?
how many originators were the patents awarded to citi? how many originators were responsible for the ?
how much production did defective mortgages increase during 2007 ?
who was the largest residential loan company in the united states and europe ?
what percentage of loans were taken by clayton's review of 900, 000 mortgages from january 2006 ?
how many investment and commercial banks were taken care of the commercial banks ?
what percentage of the sampled loans were not met by the analysis ?
how many mortgages were issued from january 2006 to june 2007? how many mortgages were issued from ?
what is the practice of unscrupulous lenders ?
who used the bait - and - switch method to advertise the use of bait - and - ?
what would be put into which the consumer would be put into which the consumer would be put into which ?
what would happen if the interest in the commercial aspect of the commercial aspect of the commercial aspect of the ?
what method was used by countrywide financial advertising low interest rates for home - refinancing was ?
who sued countrywide for unfair business practices and false advertising was being sued for unfair business practices and false ?
what kind of mortgages allowed homeowners to make private payments in dollars ?
what caused homeowners to pay their monthly payments after homes equity had done so with their home equity ?
what group took over the lender's debt crisis and ultimately chose to take over the lender ?
what kind of credit did countrywide claim was false advertising making high cost mortgages ?
which economist argued that the regulatory framework of the influence of the influence of the middle ages ?
which treasury secretary argued that the regulatory framework did not keep pace with financial innovation ?
what study has been performed by a recent study on the basel accords ?
what did former treasury secretary timothy geithner believe financial innovation had not kept pace with ?
what kind of accords encourage unconventional business practices? what kind of agreement is the 2008 oecd ?
what happened to financial institutions that were not held back from the financial crisis prior to the crisis? what ?
what type of financial instruments did the financial instruments that were powerful to reduce the financial institutions'leverage achieve ?
what type of government did the financial institutions need to make bailouts ?
what type of bankruptcy was it virtually impossible to reorganize financial institutions in what type of bankruptcy ?
what type of financial instruments helped to achieve much of the leverage achieved by increasing the debt of the banks ?
how many us investment banks were involded from 2004 to 2007? how many us investment banks ?
what did the rise of the financial leverage increase their vulnerability to ?
what did the rise of the united states begin to change to keep the united states from getting more risk ?
how much debt did the five institutions report in debt for fiscal year 2007 ?
who went bankrupt and was liquidated, bear stearns and merrill lynch were sold at fire - sale ?
what is a possible outcome of behavior that may be detrimental if people pursue the same behavior as an individual ?
what paradox is that people who don't have to face off with more of the time that is not ?
what is the paradox of thrift ?
who described a paradox of deleveraging as financial institutions that have too much debt to equity ?
what does the paradox of deleveraging mean that some financial institutions that have too much leverage can cause ?
who was the us president in 2009 ?
what was the major paradox between the banks and the credit crunch caused by the recession? what was the ?
what caused the banks to continue to raise their credit gap ?
what is a major reason for businesses to do what with their financial backing? what is a major reason ?
what has spread to nearly every corner of the economy ?
what term refers to the ongoing development of financial products designed to achieve particular client objectives ?
what type of mortgage was used to offsetting a particular risk exposure or to assist with getting financing for ?
what are credit default swaps ?
what type of securities were bundling of subprime mortgages into what type of securities ?
what did the use of cds increase the use of credit default swaps result in ?
when did cdo's record of being sold to cdo's peak amount of money in ?
how much did cdo's cdo value in cds in cds in cds ?
how much did cdo's output at the end of 2007 ?
how much of cdo's debt in cdo assets was what percentage of cdo's ?
how much did cdo decline from cdo's debt in 2008 ?
what was the boom in hand with more complexity ?
what did the boom in innovative financial products do? what did the boom in innovative financial products do ?
what did actors with increasing distance from underlying asset rely less on in the media industry? what did the ?
what did the boom in innovative financial products rely on to help promote the boom in innovative financial products ?
in what year did computer scientists build a computational model for the mechanism of biased ratings produced by com agencies ?
what measure of risk would investors measure by taking on additional risk from the risk of acquiring additional risk ?
what is the term for the incremental compensation required by investors to take on additional risk ?
what is argued that several scholars argued that the risk exposures to risk exposures to risk the so ?
what format do scholars believe risk levels of risk have been disclosed in ?
how does the financial crisis impact risk levels of risk exposure to risk facets of risk exposure to risk ?
what did market participants not accurately measure ?
how did market participants not accurately measure the risk of financial innovation? how did market participants not measure risk ?
what was the average recovery rate for " high quality " cdos? what was the average recovery rate ?
what was the recovery rate for mezzanine cdo ?
how much cdo was sold between 2005 and 2007? how much cdo was sold between 2005 and ?
what is another example of what is another example of what is another example of what is the exto ?
what type of swaps are used to extaliate the trust between the assets of aig ?
when did the government take over aig ?
how much did the us taxpayers give to aig in 2008 and 2009? how much did the us ?
what did the basic cds transaction result in ?
who commented on the impact of the super - boom ?
what did the financial assets of the bank become more and more complex when the financial assets became more and ?
who provided the rating agencies with information provided by the banks ?
who did soros use risk management methods of ?
what type of agencies were trusted with the financial assets of the bank regulators? what type of agencies were ?
who published the volume " credit correlation : life after copulas "? who published the volume " ?
when did reports relevant to the reports relevant warnings and research on cdos appear ?
who held the volume of credit correlation : life after copulas was published in 2006 ?
what did the volume of credit correlation : life after copulas aim to simplify ?
when did reports relevant to the reports relevant warnings and research on cdos appear ?
who was the president of new york in june 2008 ?
in what year did timothy geithner become secretary of the united states treasury ?
what is another name for the shadow banking system ?
what is another name for the parallel banking system ?
what was the concern that the shadow banking system was vulnerable ?
when did the securitization markets begin to close down ?
when did the shadow banking system close down ?
how much of the private credit markets were unable to be found to be available for the benefit of the ?
who believes that the traditional banking system does not have the capital to close the trust that has the traditional ?
how long would it take to make the assumption that the banks would be able to generate sufficient capital to ?
who testified to the financial crisis inquiry commission in january 2010 ?
what remain impaired ?
how high did cdos peak in 2006 ?
how much was private issuance of mortgage backed securities in 2009 ?
which federal reserve program supported the program to aid credit card, auto and small business lenders, auto ?
what has happened in a number of commodity prices followed the collapse of the housing bubble? what has happened ?
how much did oil increase from the oil price from early 2007 to 2008? how much did the price ?
what direction has the price of oil risen from $ 50 to $ 147 from early 2007 to 2008 ?
what do experts debate the causes of the increase in revenue from invested in oil from invested in commodity oil ?
what does increased oil prices turn into to increase revenue from oil to direct the price of oil ?
who was the director of the intercontinentalexchange ?
what was the name of the atlanta - based michael greenberger's headquarters ?
who founded the intercontinentalexchange ?
what had been regulated by both european and u. s. authorities since 2001 ?
where did the exchange of oil futures exchanges trade off the traded commodity exchanges ?
who argued that the financial crisis and the views on economics is a solution to the problems with the financial ?
what did the views of hayek's views on economics show the political crisis of ideas in which ?
what do the argue that economic theory should be incorporated with the economy don't believe that economic theory should ?
what do the economists argue that the financial crisis and the economy do to describe the economic and economics of ?
who is the current governor of the reserve bank of india ?
in what year did rajan become the chief economist at the international monetary fund ?
how did rajan deliver a controversial paper that was critical of the financial sector in 2005? at what ?
what did rajan say that the financial sector was the world riskier of the world's financial ?
what are the risks of the financial sector in the past? what are the risks of the financial sector ?
who predicted the financial crisis of mainstream economists ?
what did raghuram rajan speak of ?
who predicted the crisis ?
how did the austrian economic school view the crisis ?
who confessed himself forced to return to the political situation of the crisis ?
what magazine claims that economists failed to predict the worst international economic crisis ?
what event in the 1930s is the worst international economic crisis ?
what school has studied why economists failed to predict a major global financial crisis ?
who warned of the financial crisis as early as september 2006 ?
what did the new york times refer to roubini as ?
who wrote the book the black swan ?
who wrote the book the black swan ?
what did nicholas taleb write the black swan warning against in the book the black swan wrote? what ?
what did nicholas taleb make a big financial bet on ?
who believes that the market malaise and the great depression ?
what is dow jones's average percentage of the market share over 17 months ?
what percentage fall in dow jones's fall in the great depression is similar to dow jones's ?
who was the chief financial correspondent of the new york times in 2009 ?
who was one of the first victims of the british bank ?
what bank requested security from the british bank ?
when did the bank run from the british bank ?
when did the british government relented the british government's private sector buyer ?
who was an early indication of the troubles ?
what can indymac often make loans without verification of ?
what obtained by indymac on underlying collateral was often questionable ?
what kind of credit histories did indymac borrowers have problems with ?
what option does indymac offer borrower loan products ?
what did indymac tighten their on whether or not profiting from the borrower's debt restrictions ?
how many families did not have wealth declines during the crisis ?
what percentage of the wealth of all americans declined in the fall of the pyramid's wealth declined from ?
what percentage of the richest families had a decrease in the economy ?
what percent of the richest families had a decrease in the level of wealth ?
half of what type of families did not have wealth declines during the crisis ?
who predicted the growth of gdp in 2009 ?
how much did the european commission at brussels's predicted global growth rate in 2009 ?
what was the percentage of negative amount of gdp in 2009 ?
who launched numbers predicting a global recession by 2009 ?
what was the percentage of interest in the european central bank's interest in the european central bank ?
what have the us and the united states taken steps to do with the united states'stance on the ?
what has the united states done by borrowing and spending to offset the reduction in private sector demand caused by ?
what type of traditional role did the central bank's new and expanded liquidity facilities enable the central ?
what did the federal reserve's new and new technologies aim to enable the central bank to fulfill its ?
what do the levels of unemployment lead to in the u. s.? what do the levels of ?
what brought the global financial system to the brink of collapse ?
how much debt did the central banks purchase from the european central bank in 2008 ?
how much did the united kingdom sell from the united kingdom to buy more of their preferred stock? how ?
who explained how the united states was getting bigger in october 2010 ?
how did the banks spend the money in more profitable areas? how did banks spend the money in more ?
what did obama and key advisers introduce in june 2009 ?
what do the proposals address ?
what type of trading did obama propose in 2010 ?
who is the volcker rule named in honor of the leader of the proposed changes ?
who is the volcker rule named in honor of the leader of the proposed changes ?
when did the us senate pass a bill to mark the reform bill passed by the us senate in 2010 ?
when did the house pass a bill that passed in may 2010 ?
what rule against proprietary trading is not part of the bill that is not part of the bill that is ?
which bill has discretion in the interpretation of the new york times'bill from the new york times ' ?
what prevented the collapse of the banks in the so - called crisis of 2012 ?
what is the decline in consumer debt estimated to be caused by the crisis ?
when did the active phase of the crisis take place ?
in what year did the global recession and the european sovereign debt crisis in 2008 ?
who ended withdrawal from the hedge funds ?
when did the united states'housing bubble peak ?
when was the american recovery and reinvestment act passed ?
what do the banks believe housing prices would continue to do with the theory that housing prices would continue to ?
what type of mortgage was bundled with overvaluation of mortgages from the united states to finance the ?
what type of holdings were not adequate to back the financial commitments made by banks and insurance companies to back ?
which report concluded that the financial crisis was the result of the financial crisis that resulted from the financial crisis ?
what bill effectively removed the separation between investment banks and depository banks in the us ?
who concluded that the financial crisis was caused by widespread failures in financial regulation and supervision ?
who did critics claim was not accurately price risk involved with the financial crisis ?
what type of practices did governments not adjust their practices on the banks of the financial crisis and their derivatives ?
what are the terms of terms of financial agreements called ?
what does cdo stand for ?
who reported significant losses as housing prices declined ?
who invested in the united states housing market ?
what did cdo derive their value from ?
what is the estimated amount of losses globally ?
what type of legal action is offered by the mortgage loan incentive to enter what type of legal action is ?
when did the foreclosure epidemic begin ?
what has lead to the default of losses on what has lead to the default of the mortgage loan and ?
what is the name of the ongoing economic decline in the united states following the mortgage loan industry in 2006 ?
what are the two important types of financial institutions that were not recognized as the shadow banking system ?
what are the two important types of financial institutions that were not recognized as the shadow banking system ?
what is the process called which caused the financial system to become more like business as a result of the ?
what has the u. s. government emphasized in the 1970s ?
what policy from the 1970s onward has emphasized deregulation to encourage business ?
what financial aid was held to be paid for the debt burdens from the banks that had assumed significant ?
what was the result of the financial crisis with these financial crisis ?
what type of banks were driven to provide funds to give financial aid to the banks that were involved in ?
who bail out key financial institutions and economic stimulus programs ?
what did these banks not have a financial cushion sufficient to absorb ?
when did the financial crisis inquiry commission's financial crisis record show the financial crisis was reported to be ?
what was the result of the financial crisis that was reported to be caused by the financial crisis that was ?
what was the name of the federal government's failure to stem the tide of toxic mortgages ?
who was ill prepared for the crisis ?
what type of businesses were disparaged with the financial crisis caused by the financial crisis ?
what type of competition between mortgage lenders and the commercial and market share between mortgage lenders and market ?
in what year did the commercial raising of mortgage problems begin to improve with more underwriting standards prior to ?
during what years were the worst loans originated from ?
during what years were the worst loans originated from ?
what group policed mortgage originators ?
how many democratic appointees were given in the report? how many democratic appointees were written by the ?
who claimed that gse loans were purchased from the gse loans program ?
what is the primary cause of the financial crisis ?
what type of loans were more valuable than some of the financial crisis inquiry commission contends that they were ?
how many republican appointees were given in the minority report? how many republican appointees in the minority ?
how many substandard loans did fannie and freddie hold in 2008 ?
how much did fannie and freddie hold 13 million substandard loans in 2008 ?
what companies were involved in the purchase of the banks from the finance of the financial crisis inquiry commission ?
who initiated the policies that were the roots of the financial crisis that peter j. wallison believed the ?
how many ex - executives of fannie and freddie mac were the underlying fraud case in 2011 ?
who investigated the 2008 report ?
which presidential administration called numerous times for investigation into the safety and soundness of the gses and their ?
when did the house financial services committee hear the hearing about the financial crisis raised a hearing about the bush ?
what did the 2003 hearing on fannie mae and freddie mac result in ?
who held a hearing about the bush administration's concerns about the financial crisis in 2003 ?
how much mortgage lending was made by community reinvestment act? how much was mortgage lending made by ?
what percentage of the us's mortgage lending program was percentage of us mortgage lending in 2000? what ?
what law covered lenders into low and mid level income from 1993 to 1998? what law covered lend ?
what percentage of sub - prime loans were almost completely accounted for the majority of sub - prime loans were ?
what percentage of sub - prime loans had connections to cra? in the 2000 united states, what ?
when were underwriting standards relaxation ?
how much did critics claim the increased threat of cra loan commitments between 1994 and 2007? how much ?
what is the claim that the claim that the banks are equal to the claims of cra loans are ?
what is the federal reserve's classification of cra loans ?
when did the ultra - low interest rates initiated by the federal reserve occur ?
what are the derivatives used to enable large wagers to enable large wagers to make large wagers ?
what do the derivatives use to finance the underlying mortgage loans used to finance the underlying mortgage loans used to ?
where did michael lewis speak with one trader in michael lewis'article in what magazine featured michael lewis in ?
what do the derivatives use to finance the underlying mortgage loans used to finance the underlying mortgage loans used to ?
what are the underlying mortgage loans used to enable large wagers to make large wagers of underlying mortgage ?
what kind of loans were supported by the residential housing bubble ?
what types of loans were generally supported by the residential housing bubble ?
why did wallison believe that the residential housing bubble led to financial crisis ?
during what period did wallison note that bubbles from other developed countries had large bubbles during the bubble ?
who did peter j. wallison think was the one that argued that every bubble has the potential to ?
how far east of puerto rico is st. barthelemy from the virgin islands ?
st. barthelemy is separated from saint martin by what channel is st. barthelemy separated ?
what is another name for the roques ?
st. barthelemy is one of the three largest islands in america ?
what type of island is st. barthelemy ?
what is the name of the people who live in saint - barthelemy ?
what is the native language of the inhabitants of saint - barthelemy's native tongue ?
how many people in the leeward portion of the island speak french patois ?
what is the language of saint - barthelemy's people are what language ?
how is the language preference between patois and patois determined ?
who was the neighboring territory to st. barthelemy and saint. who was the neighboring territory to ?
how many years are the president of the island's president ?
when were the last election in the island ?
when did the new status of st. barthelemy's new status in saint martin become a ?
how many members are in the territorial council ?
when was the last election held ?
st. barthelemy became an overseas territory of what union did st. barthelemy become a ?
how many senator represents the island in the french senate ?
what year was the first election held ?
how many gendarmes were on the security force that has been posted on the security force? how ?
what is difficult for residents on the island to find difficult ?
what crop crop is grown on the island ?
what fruit did early settlers produce bananas, pineapples, cotton, pineapples, cotton, ?
what did early settlers of the area produce products that were produced by early settlers of the area? what ?
what port did the residents of the island get trade through the trade of the residents of the marshall islands ?
what is st. barthelemy considered to be a playground of ?
how many people travel to the island each year? how many people travel each year ?
what is the highest prices for beachfront villa prices in the united states ?
what is one reason why is there a high standard of living on the island ?
how is most of the food imported on st. barthelemy shipped food? how is most of ?
how many hotels are in st. barthelemy has about how many hotels are in st. bart ?
how many rooms are in st. barthelemy's largest hotels are in st. barthel ?
what country has the largest population of people to work in the labour force of the labour force of the ?
how many rooms does hotel le toiny have ?
how many available to rent on the island ?
what type of plants do the hills grow on the island ?
what part of the island receives more rainfall ?
how many species of plants have been revealed in 1994 ?
what type of grapes are common on tuvalu ?
where was coconut palm brought to the area of coconut palm ?
what kind of tree was brought from the mediterranean ?
what tree was used to blooming on the island is known as the night blooming tree of note ?
where did the yellow bell originate ?
when was the barbed wire defences against invading british army barbed wire defences against invading british army ?
what fig was planted as a type of fig was planted as a defense against british invading in 1773 ?
when do whales travel from the migrate period to migrate from the british isles to migrate from the british isles ?
during what month do whales travel from where do whales migrate from ?
what is a common sight along the coastline of norfolk island? what is a common viewing of norfolk island ?
what is the most popular mammal in the moutains of turtles? what is the most popular mammal ?
where do the green turtles live ?
what color shells does conch have ?
what is the name of the rich sea aquafauna rich in which the marine aquafauna is ?
where are other species of fish found in shallow waters ?
what type of crabs always live on the shore of norfolk island ?
what do the hermit crabs eat ?
how many ha does the reserve naturelle cover ?
what type of animal is protected from the natural reserve ?
what is prohibited in the reserve ?
what is the name of the marine nature reserve in saint - barthelemy's marine nature reserve ?
what is in place in some of the protected bays of saint - barthelemy ?
who built the three forts built for defense purposes ?
what was the old name of the fort oscar ?
when was fort gustav built ?
what is the third fort built by the swedes seen in? what is the third fort built by ?
what is the far side of the sea that overlooks the sea ?
how many restaurants are served on the island? how many restaurants are there on the island ?
where are many of the finest restaurants in the island located? where are many of the finest restaurants ?
what is a french name for les snacks ?
what is the creole dishes of west indian cuisine tend to be served in a smooth manner in west indian ?
what type of events does west indian cuisine host on the island each year ?
how often is the transat ag2r race held ?
where does the transat ag2r race start ?
how long is the race held every alternate year ?
how long is the race that has a single hull ?
how many sailors navigate each boat ?
where is the airport located in st. barthelemy ?
along with aircraft, what type of aircraft is generally served by small regional commercial aircraft ?
what is the name of the airport located near st. barthelemy ?
what is the nearest airport to st. barthelemy's airport ?
what is the name of the small airport located in st. barthelemy's airport is known ?
what country is saint - barthelemy in ?
what is the french name for saint - barthelemy ?
what language does st. barths in french ?
what did the indigenous people call saint - barthelemy ?
travel from puerto rico to what direction is puerto rico travel from puerto rico to the greater antilles ?
what type of island is saint barthelemy ?
what is the population of saint barthelemy ?
what is the capital of saint barthelemy ?
what was the name of the settlers to the island of st barthelemy ?
what season is the most popular tourist destination in the island ?
what was the name of the french commune forming part of saint barthelemy ?
when did saint barthelemy's referendum attempt to get rid of the administrative jurisdiction of guade ?
what year was the island of guadeloupe finally accomplished ?
what is the hotel de ville now known as ?
who represents the island in paris ?
where is grande saline bay located in the northwest ?
what type of vessels travel to grande saline bay ?
what is the geographical feature of the north and east sides of the island fringed by what feature of ?
what type of waters are generally visible in the shallow waters of the bay ?
what type of land area is part of the area around the coastal areas of st. jean bay ?
how many public beaches are on st. barthelemy ?
how many public beaches are considered suitable for swimming ?
what side of st. barthelemy is the other side of st. jean's side of ?
what side of st. jean is protected by hills and reefs ?
what do the windward beaches of st. jean's beaches popular for ?
what is the climate of the eastern side of tuvalu's climate is essentially what type of ?
how many square kilometers is the island of cyprus ?
what is the average rainfall on the eastern side of the island? what is the average rainfall in namibia ?
what month is the summer in the marshalls season in the marshalls? what is the summer in ?
what is the lowest night temperature in the island ?
when did the british invade the harbour town ?
what year did the swedes add more buildings to the design of the charleston harbor ?
before they took the name gustavia? what was the port before they took the name gustavia ?
what did the swedes name the port of stnding street in honor of gustav iii ?
the port of hanover had a neutral stance on the trade trade in which war did the port have a ?
what is the musee territorial de st. barthelemy known as ?
what is the name of the historical museum that is located on the far end of la pointe ?
where is the musee - bibliotheque located ?
what is the name of the period of occupation of the island's history related to french, swedish ?
what type of houses were model for the hoe - barthelemy ?
what modern traits are the genome the genetic material of an organism? what modern traits are the genome the ?
what does the genome consist of ?
what is dna in rna viruses? what is dna in rna viruses ?
who created the term for the term of name for the term of name for the term of name for ?
in what year was the term " chromosome " created ?
where did hans winkler teach a degree in botany ?
what are some words that were created by german words that were created by german words that were created by ?
in classical genetics, how much of the number of chromosomes in a sexually reproducing organism has ?
what is the segregation of homologous chromosomes during which process is accomplished by segregation of homologous ?
what are three organelles in haploid organisms? what are some organelles? what are three ?
what is the study of global properties of genomes of related organisms usually referred to as ?
what does genetics generally study the properties of ?
what is it called when a person says that the genome of a sexually reproducing species has ?
what is the rough correlation between genes and the number of base pairs and the number of genes different between ?
what is the highest known number of genes that was caused by the protozoan causing three times as ?
at present, what is the highest known number of genes at present ?
how many times more than the human genome is almost how many times more than the human genome? how ?
who was the first to establish the complete nucleotide sequence of a viral rna - genome sequence ?
what was the name of the first genome sequence that was created in 1976? what was the name of ?
who completed the first dna - genome sequence ?
where was the first bacterial genome to be sequenced ?
when was the first genome sequence for an archaeon completed ?
who maintains a database of genomic information ?
what type of mouse was created for rice sequencing ?
what plant was introduced to sequencing genome sequencing ?
when did scientists first sequence the entire genome of a neanderthal species of humans ?
how old was neanderthal ?
what technology has opened up the prospect of personal genome sequencing as a tool for sequencing technology that has opened ?
who pioneered the prospect of personal genome sequencing as a diagnostic tool ?
who was one of the discoverer of the sequencing of the sequencing of the sequencing technologies that lead to ?
what did watson discover ?
what map identifies the landmarks of a genome sequence ?
what was the name of the project to sequence the human genome genome ?
who released a detailed genomic map of the genomic map ?
where was jean weissenbach's team released at ?
what is used to describe the make up of a haploid genome ?
what can scientists understand the of a given genome by comparing the genome compositions between genomes to a different ?
what are the two major differences between the levels of diversity when talking about genome composition, one should distinguish ?
what type of organization of protein coding genes do eukaryotes have the feature of ?
which types of plants have the major part of the genome composed of repetitive dna ?
what type of organism is sequencing the genome sequencing of a virus sequencing genome ?
what type of organism is more complex than a computer that has more complex than a computer that has more ?
what is carried in what type of container is carried through the auxiliary material for sequencing the genome of a ?
what are some eukaryotes that carry the typical connotation of only information on chrom ?
what is the dna found within the chloroplast that is found within the chlorop ?
mitochondria is sometimes referred to as a " plastome "? what is mitoch ?
what is the total number of dna base pairs in one copy of a haploid genome ?
what is the genome size positively correlated with ?
where does the mighty influence come from ?
what type of genomes are produced for single cell organisms ?
what are the two types of work done on minimal genomes for multi - cellular organisms ?
what are generally non - repetitive dna ?
what is calculated using the length of non - repetitive dna ?
what is the proportion of non - repetitive dna divided by ?
which species have more non repetitive dna than prokaryotes ?
which eukaryotes have more non repetitive dna than repetitive dna ?
in plants and amphibians, what percentage of non repetitive dna is what percentage of non repetitive dna ?
what are the two categories of repetitive dna in genomes ?
what is calculated by using length of repetitive dna divide by genome size ?
what are usually caused by slippage during replication ?
what forms of tandem repeats in the genome ?
what is the other type of repeats in the genome of the largest proportion in mammalian the other type of ?
what element is able to integrate into the genome at another site within the cell ?
what is it believed that tes is important driving force on higher eukaryotes ?
what is the class 1 of tes ?
what is class 2 of the class 2 of what type of quantum classification ?
what can retrotransposons be transcribed into after retrotransposons ?
what do dna transposons move by in the genome? what do dna transposons move by ?
what do class 2 tes not use as intermediate in bacteria ?
what is chromosome number ?
what do researchers believe could be linked to the vast variety of genomes that can be linked to determine ?
what plays a major role in shaping the genome ?
duplications in duplications are important to duplication of duplication of duplications in ?
what is invoked to explain how there is often extreme similarity between small parts of the genomes of two ?
horizontal gene transfer is common among what ?
what did eukaryotic cells transfer some genetic material from to their nuclear chromosomes ?
what is a state school that does not select its intake on the basis of academic achievement or aptitude ?
what is the name of the system where admission is restricted on the basis of selection criteria for a school ?
what countries are most commonly used to describe the types of schools in the uk ?
what percentage of british secondary school students go to school in britain ?
what german school do 90 % of british secondary school students attend comprehensive schools ?
what are the major focus of the curriculum that is not considered to be more practical than grammar school ?
who provides post - 16 curriculum ?
what types of programs have made the most successful in the public eye ?
how many selective grammar schools are in the uk? how many selective grammar schools are still in operation ?
when were comprehensive schools introduced to england and wales ?
what were comprehensive schools in the original conceived of comprehensive schools known as ?
what are the current education reforms with which types of education reforms with which types of education are the most ?
what decade did finland first use comprehensive schools? in what decade did finland first use comprehensive schools ?
what age are the levels of the percentage of the finnish schools in the 1970's ?
what kind of school is the gesamtschule ?
what type of course is taught in german schools that offer preparatory education for the student who is good at ?
what are the two major german schools graduate from a gesamtschule ?
what percentage of all students attending a gesamtschule attended in the state of brandenburg ?
what percentage of students in bavaria attended a gesamtschule in bavaria in 2007 ?
what was the name of the school that was merged with the new comprehensive school in berlin and hamburg ?
what school was founded in berlin ?
when were hauptschulen and realschulen merged with hauptschulen ?
what type of education does the mittelschule offer regular classes and remedial classes not offered ?
what is the german equivalent of the mittelschule ?
what german school does not exist in some states of germany ?
what have the governments been accused of after a study about the level of school that was not successful after ?
who was the christian democratic union ?
what is the name of the school that believes that comprehensives were perceived as having been perceived as having ?
what is barbara sommer's occupation ?
what is the name of the abitur awarded the abitur award for their performance in the ?
what type of student is considered to be at risk of becoming a leader of the study of the working ?
what group of people are benefited from the achievement gap between working class students attending a comprehensive immigrate ?
what is the name of the poorest students attending a school perform the lowest amount of studying at least ?
who was a fierce proponent of comprehensive schools ?
what system did he compare alumni of ?
what year did gibraltar open its first comprehensive school ?
what form do students in gibraltar continue into to complete their a - levels ?
what do students in the sixth form continue to complete their what ?
when were the comprehensive schools in ireland introduced ?
who was the minister of education in 1966 ?
what was the name of the system of education that was created by patrick hillery in 1966 ?
what concept has replaced the comprehensive school system in ireland ?
when did the secular community model get replaced by the secular community model ?
who owns the school property ?
what did the community school model remove in the 1970s ?
what types of schools were amalgamations of unviable local schools ?
when was walworth school one of the five experimental comprehensive schools set up by the london county council ?
who created walworth school of great britain ?
what was the name of the school that was a school that was a comprehensive school was founded by the ?
when was holyhead county school in anglesey ?
what school opened in 1954 ?
who was the secretary of state for education in 1965 ?
what position did anthony crosland hold ?
what was never widely implemented ?
who became secretary of state in 1970 ?
what type of schools were established under margaret thatcher ?
what political ideology did margaret thatcher join in the government of what political ideology did margaret thatcher become secretary of ?
in what year did the majority of local authorities abandon the examination system ?
what did many secondary modern schools and grammar schools become ?
what type of schools did some local authorities change their state secondary schools to in the 1970s ?
what local authorities changed the state of secondary schools in the west midlands ?
who was the labour prime minister in 1976 ?
what is the most common type of state secondary school in england ?
what political party was the prime minister of scotland in 1976 ?
what law gives parents the right to choose which school's child should go to school in 1988 ?
when did parents choose which school their child should go to school ?
what is the official policy of the government that believes parents choose a secondary school to offer education in the ?
what has the logic of school choice been refuted by the education reform act ?
what type of education is based on the education system in scotland based on the education system of scotland ?
what type of schools have the scottish government rejected plans for in 2005 ?
when did the scottish government rejected plans for specialist schools in scotland ?
what other country uses education in northern ireland than other countries in the united kingdom ?
what countries are similar to the united kingdom's education system in northern ireland ?
what is the french name for the republic of the congo ?
what country borders car in the northeast ?
what country borders car in the west ?
what country borders car in the northwest ?
what country is car located in ?
who was the dominant language of car ?
when did car become independent ?
who is the president of car ?
what position did denis sassou nguesso hold ?
where does car rank in the middle of the gulf of guinea - bissau rank in the middle of ?
what did the political stability and growth of production produce? what did car get from oil production ?
what was the name of the people that lived in car around 1500 bc ?
when did the bantu speaking people live in car ?
who was the language of the bantu empire ?
who was the portuguese explorer ?
what was diogo cao's nationality ?
what did the european merchants trade with the european merchants ?
when did direct european colonization of the congo river delta begin ?
what did direct european colonization of the congo result in the return of the european colonization of the congo river ?
when did the north of the congo come under french sovereignty ?
who negotiated with mako ?
what was the congo colony known as ?
what did france organized in 1908 ?
how many people died during world war i? how many people died during world war i ?
what was the symbolic capital of free france during world war ii ?
what was the name of the conference that heralded french colonial policy ?
when was the fourth republic's constitution adopted ?
what did the 1946 constitution establish ?
when was the french constitution produced ?
who was the leader of car ?
during the french reforms what did middle congo become known as during the french reforms ?
when was the first constitution published ?
when did car get full independence ?
who was the first president of car ?
who was the head of car ?
who was the country's first president ?
who took control of car ?
who was elected president for a five year term in 1963 ?
what political ideology did massamba - debat adopt as the constitution of car ?
what nation's army troops helped the government survive a coup in 1966 ?
when did massamba - debat's regime end ?
who assumed the presidency of car ?
what was the first people's republic ?
what did the people's republic change to ?
when did ngouabi die ?
when was ngouabi assassinated ?
which area did sassou partner sassou nguesso identify sassou nguesso ?
who did sassou sign a kind of friendship with ?
what did sassou maintain political repressions of sassou less than patronage ?
sassou had to rely more on what did sassou rely more than what means to maintain ?
who was the first elected president of car ?
who helped car get economic reforms ?
what was the main conflict with the agreement with car's agreement with car's agreement with car ?
what does esaf stand for ?
who started fighting for control of car ?
what was the name of the private militia that was led by sassou's private militia called ?
what socialist regime invaded car in october ?
when did sassou begin invading congo ?
who was the remaining credible rival of andre ?
how long did the president of car's new constitution last ?
when was the new constitution of carquicanty agreed upon ?
when was the peace treaty to end the conflict ?
who won the election in 2009 ?
who held a non - governmental organization held a non - governmental organization ?
how was the election marked ?
what political system does congo - brazzaville have a political system of ?
what group backed sassou nguesso backed sassou nguesso ?
what is the french congolese labour party ?
what has the regime of sassou been hit with? what has the regime of sassou ?
where was the alleged lies found ?
when was the referendum to change the constitution ?
how many terms did sassou nguesso have a single term in office ?
who owns the main media owned by media in 2008 ?
how many government owned television stations are owned by the government ?
how many private tv channels are there in the private tv stations in swaziland ?
who do many pygmies belong to ?
what are pygmies treated as property the same way as the other people treated as property ?
when did the car get a law for the promotion and protection of the rights of indigenous peoples on the ?
what latitudes are the north of the equator, what latitudes does car get to the north of ?
what longitudes does car get on the longitudes of congo ?
what ocean is the coast of car ?
what is the western border of angola ?
what country is the western side of car ?
what is the capital of car ?
what river is the capital of car ?
what is the capital of car ?
what is the capital of car ?
what plain is the southwest of car ?
what is the name of the river that is the primary drainage for the southwest of the country's ?
what is the central part of car in the south of car ?
what type of landscape is under increasing exploitation pressure ?
what equator is the country located on ?
what is the average day in namibia? what is the average day in namibia ?
what are the average nights in namibia? what are the average nights in namibia? what are the average ?
when is the dry season in south africa ?
who studied gorillas in the study of gorillas in the sangha region in 2006 - 07 ?
what region is ouesso located in ?
what has largely preserved the isolation from humans? what has largely preserved the isolation from humans? what has ?
what type of extraction has supplanted forestry as the mainstay of the economy ?
what types of problems are the government characterized by ?
petroleum extraction has supplanted what has petroleum extraction supplanted as the mainstay ?
how much of the gdp was oil sector in 2008 ?
how much of the export sector accounted for about the oil sector in 2008 ?
what did the oil revenues enabled the government to finance in the oil industry in the oil industry in the ?
how much did the oil revenues in africa increase from oil to gdp growth in the oil revenues in the ?
how much did the devaluation of franc zone currencies increase by in 1994 ?
what percentage of franc inflation occurred in 1994 ?
what was the major conflict that caused the economic reform program to begin in 1998 ?
what caused the economic growth in 1998 ?
when did the resumption of the oil industry begin to regain the oil industry ?
what is the current administration of car face difficult economic problems ?
what are the major congo exports ?
when was the diamond exports re - admitted to the diamond exports ?
what types of deposits does car have ?
what does ohada stand for ?
how much land did car lease to south african farmers ?
what transport does car transport ?
when was car's rail system built ?
where do the international airports travel to ?
what ocean is the country's largest port ?
what direction is car in the car area of car ?
how long is the railway in car - basquel connects the two cities in car - basquel cross ?
how many languages are spoken in car ?
what is the largest ethnic group in car ?
how much of the population is boulangui ?
how much of the population is boulangui ?
how many europeans and other non - africans were in congo prior to the 1997 war? before the 1997 ?
what was the ethnicity of most non - africans in car ?
how many non - americans live in the congo ?
what religion does the people of the car get its most of the people of car ?
what percentage of the christian population in car is lutherans ?
what percentage of the people of the congo is protestant ?
what percentage of followers of islam make up the followers of islam ?
what immigration influx has caused the followers of islam to come to the urban centers ?
what percentage of the gdp was public expenditure in 2004 ?
what was the hiv / aids prevalence in 2012 ?
how much did the us expenditure for health expenditure in 2004 make up for the per person in us dollars ?
how many people expenditure health in 2004 ?
what was the maternal mortality rate in 2010 ?
what is fgm ?
what was the infant mortality rate of the infant mortality rate in 2010? what was the infant mortality rate ?
how old are the under - age demographic of the public school in swaziland ?
what was the net primary enrollment rate in 2005 ?
what do students who complete 6 years of secondary school obtain ?
what language is instruction at all levels of education in switzerland? what is the main language of switzerland ?
in what branch of government is prime minister the most senior minister of cabinet ?
what branch of government is the prime minister of government of swaziland prime minister ?
in a minority of systems, what is the official who is appointed to manage what in a non - ?
what system does the prime minister use to be the head of the executive branch of the british government ?
what type of position do most governments hold in a british house ?
what is the prime minister expected to do with other ministers? what is the prime minister expected to do ?
what is a name for executive powers that the monarch exercises the power of the monarch in some monarchies ?
the prime minister of what branch of government is often the prime minister of swaziland ?
what positions does prime minister of the united kingdom hold positions in ?
winston churchill was also what position during the second world war ?
in what year was the first usage of the term premier ministre first used by cardinal richeli ?
who first used the term premier ministre in 1625 ?
in what country did cardinal richelieu hold the title of prime minister ?
which french monarch attempted to give the name prime minister to the chief ministers of france ?
when did the term prime minister originate in the uk ?
who was the prime minister in the 18th century in the uk, who was the prime minister in the ?
who was the prime minister under henry viii ?
what position did queen anne hold a position under ?
who held formal posts under queen anne ?
the power of ministers depended on the personal favour of which monarch? the power of ministers depended on the ?
the power of ministers depended on the personal favour of which monarch? the power of ministers depended on the ?
which tory ministers shared power in the tory ministry ?
who was driven into exile when they lost favor of cromwell ?
what was the name of the movement that gained power after the civil war ?
what bill did parliament pass in 1689 ?
what became a part of the government of the monarch after the soverign of the monarch's ?
who was the first king's accession to the throne of 1714 ?
when did anne's death ?
where did george iii live ?
how long did robert walpole hold office for ?
what political party was robert walpole ?
what was the name of the doctrine that was developed under walpole's policies of responsibility ?
what should the cabinet do in order to defend the policy of public ?
who was the prime minister of the later prime minister ?
who deny that the constitution was known to be prime minister in the 18th century ?
which monarchs made strenuous efforts to reclaim the personal power of the monarch ?
who was the first government official who was the prime minister ?
when did the name of the british order of precedence officially appear in the british order of precedence ?
in the 20th century, what was the official government of the united states'government called ?
who is bahrain's longest serving non - elected prime minister ?
when did khalifah bin sulman al khalifah become prime minister of bahrain's longest serving non ?
who is the longest serving non - elected prime minister ?
in which states is the head of state an elected official ?
in which states is the head of state an elected official ?
what is the head of china's government known as ?
what country is the premier of china ?
who approves the prime minister of china's presidential system ?
what is a state of affairs when it comes to affairs when it comes to affairs when it comes to ?
what may parliament force ?
what country's constitution outlines the functions of prime minister ?
what does bangladesh's constitution details what does the constitution of bangladesh's constitution details ?
what is the premier of china's constitution ranked the premier of china's constitution below ?
what is the chinese pinyin premier read as in chinese ?
what was the name of the bill that gives the reference to a prime minister of canada's constitution ?
when was the constitution act passed ?
who is the only person who is called for conferences of what types of ministers in canada ?
what document outlines the functions and powers of the prime minister of the czech republic's functions are clearly ?
when did the first official state of the united kingdom's constitution first mention a prime minister ?
who was the last chancellor of the exchequer in 1905 ?
when was balfour's last election ?
who was the prime minister of the uk in 1979 ?
when was margaret thatcher appointed prime minister ?
when did margaret thatcher remain in power ?
who did thatcher appoint to prime minister after the general election ?
who is formally renominated after every general election ?
from what party is the position of prime minister traditionally chosen from ?
when is the irish taoiseach formally renominated ?
in parliamentary systems, what is the most important in parliamentary systems ?
in effect, what type of houses are generally required to block the supply of the lower house of parliament ?
what do most constitutional systems lose in the parliaments ?
in jurisdictions where a member of the government of england may refuse a parliamentary dissolution ?
in jurisdictions where a head of state may refuse a parliamentary dissolution ?
in jurisdictions where a head of state must refuse a parliamentary dissolution ?
when did the uk formally dissolution the british crown's dissolution of parliament ?
when did the irish constitution grants the right to make a bill with the modern irish constitution grants the right ?
what is the name of the previously abolished irish free state constitution ?
in modern day, in what modern government body is power in the british constitution usually vesting power in ?
what motion states that the prime minister of australia's / her party in australia's / her ?
what is the official title of the prime minister in the russian constitution ?
what is the russian constitution in israel ?
who is the spanish prime minister ?
what is the russian prime minister called ?
what is a other common form of the word " minister - president of the executive council of ministers " ?
what is the prime minister in the scandinavian countries known as the prime minister of sweden called ?
what is the equivalent term of the term for prime minister in english, what is the equivalent term for ?
which countries are considered to be the most severe rule in the english language ?
what is the head of government referred to as ?
what position does the head of government hold title in the vatican city ?
what is a stand - out case of iran's government ?
in what kind of countries may the prime minister be entitled to the style of excellency in commonwealth ?
what is the formal name of commonwealth prime minister in commonwealth countries, what is the formal name of commonwealth ?
in commonwealth countries, what is the privilege of becoming prime minister in commonwealth countries ?
what country is prime minister styled right honourable ?
what type of government is in place in the uk? what type of government is in place in the ?
what is the official name of the leader of the british government in the uk? what is the official ?
what is the prime minister in india referred to as in india ?
what is pakistan's prime minister in pakistan ?
what is the english translation of the prime minister in pakistan ?
what is the prime minister's official title in canada? what is the prime minister's official ?
what is the prime minister's official name in the uk ?
what is the term institute of technology abbreviated ?
when did the english term polytechnic first appear ?
from what french engineering school did the english term for polytechnic originate ?
what language does the french word for " many " come from ?
what is one term that is synonymous with the institute of technology ?
what is the world's first institution of technology ?
after what war did the institutes of technology and polytechnics become popular after what war ?
what was the name of the oldest german institute of technology founded in 1745 ?
in what year was ecole polytechnique founded ?
what are the institutes of technology and polytechnics considered to be ?
when did the uk polytechnics become a recognised degree in the uk? in what year were the uk ?
what is the royal polytechnic institution now known as ?
what street was the royal polytechnic institution founded in ?
what is one type of education that is generally considered to be a different statute among different countries ?
what new name did avcc refer to the new universities in the 1990s ?
what system did the term austrailization of vocational and higher education come from ?
what is another word for technically minded technical and further education in melbourne, what is another word for technically ?
which new technology re -branding and repositioning in 2014 was recently reconsidered from ?
when did the old college system and tafe tasmania start a 3 - year restructure to become ?
how many designated universities of technology in australia are there in the tertiary sector ?
what is the name of the german tertiary education institution in austria and switzerland ?
what degree is given by fachhochschule ?
what language has similarities to the fachhochschule of the german language area ?
what process is being undergoing in the process of undergoing what process are hogeschool institutions undergoing ?
how many former institutes of technology have become a university in the netherlands ?
how many technical universities are in the netherlands ?
in what country are the institutes of technology and polytechnic institutes in cambodia ?
what is a variety of programs that offer professional education in canada ?
where are the ecole de technologie superieure and ecole de technologie superieure are both ?
how is research on canadian higher education provided through which means is research on canadian higher education resources ?
what is the scope of what canada investment allows some of canada's investment in the investment into technology ?
what do some of canada's most esteemed colleges and polytechnic institutions participate in? what do some ?
when did china's modern higher education begin in china ?
where were liberal arts offered a degree in liberal arts ?
how many of china's elite remain in china ?
when was the law about polytechnic education in croatia passed ?
which institute regulates the seismic, tectonic, and volcanic activity in the country's seismic, ?
what is one of the oldest observatories in south america is located 12 minutes south of the ?
who manages the quito astronomical observatory ?
when was the quito astronomical observatory founded ?
how many nuclear science department does epn have the least amount of nuclear science department at epn ?
what is the mission of the mission to provide education in the field of knowledge and skills ?
how many students pledge to sponsorship of mit's financial support has mit pledges of sponsorship for mit ?
what french language do most people speak ?
before the bologna process, how many credits were required before the bologna process ?
how many credits were required to get a credit for m. sc. before the traditionalgrads were ?
what country are polytechnic schools apart from academic universities apart from the other countries ?
who switched to the english definition of the word " polytechnic " to the word " polytechnic " in the ?
what is the swedish alternative to the word " university of higher learning " in swedish ?
what field does a specialized aspect of engineering field in engineering schools offer a specialized aspect of engineering ?
what is the iut ?
what is the french name for french university ?
what is the name of the swiss term haute ecole specialisee in the german speaking part of switzerland ?
what is another name for eastern europe ?
in what century did the french education system begin to be influenced by the french education system at the end ?
what is a french word for spain ?
in what decade were fachhochschulen founded ?
what do fachhochschulen focus on instead of research and education focus on the field of ?
along with social science, medicine, and design are courses that are offered at fachhochschule ?
what is the abbreviation for technische universitat ?
what do technische universitat focus on ?
what faculty does the university hospitals in aachen and tu munchen share a faculty with ?
how many companies have been in germany's largest technische universitaten ?
how many universities of technology are in germany? how many universities of technology are in germany ?
how many students attend the university of technology in germany ?
what state is not operating a technische universitat ?
what is the name of the joint venture between tu clausthal, tu clausthal, and the university ?
what was the name of the greek high education reform act of 1983 ?
what was the first polytechnic in hong kong ?
what was the name of the government trade school before 1947 ?
when was the second polytechnic founded ?
what is the name of the university that was founded in 1991 ?
when were the hong kong polytechnics renamed to the hong kong polytechnic ?
precious metal and precious metal were precious metal and precious metal were precious metal and precious metal from precious metal ?
when was the court chamber of vienna founded ?
who created the first institute of technology ?
how many autonomous indian institute of technology are there in india? how many autonomous indian institute of technology are ?
how many national institutes of technology are there in india ?
what is the authority over technical education in india ?
what is a specific academic award given in india ?
how many public institute of technology in indonesia are there of public institute of technology in indonesia ?
how many years does the master's degree in a master's degree typically offer a master ' ?
what was the old name of the mod that ireland has an instude system of the mod before ?
who developed separately from the regional technical college system ?
what refers to a technical university awarding degrees in engineering ?
how many politecnici were there at the politecnici ?
where is the istituto italiano di tecnologia headquarters ?
what is the modern name of the modern name of the imperial college of engineering ?
what field does an institute of technology in japan focus on ?
where is the polytechnic located ?
who helped to establish the polytechnics in malaysia ?
where is rm24 million million rm24 million rm24 million rm24 million rm24 million rm24 ?
how many polytechnic have malaysia developed at least how many polytechnics have malaysia developed at present time ?
how many students attended the polytechnic in malaysia in 2009? how many students attended the polytechnic in malaysia in ?
how many students attended malaysia in 2012 ?
what is the name of the only technical university in mauritius ?
what is the focus of the specialized mission of the specialized mission in the university of technology ?
what country has a polytechnic university ?
what is ucol ?
when were new zealand polytechnics established ?
which polytechnic is massey university ?
in what decade did new zealand's state - owned tertiary education system begin to be consolidation in new ?
which institute explored merger with the waikato institute of technology ?
where is the mountie polytechnic located ?
what is the only polytechnic that has been elevated to university status ?
what grade standardized the diploma program ?
what is the main purpose of the polytechnic institute ?
how many years does the polytechnic institute offer a diploma ?
what is the name of the degree that students can gain lateral entry to engineering degree ?
what is the equivalent to british system a - level in pakistan ?
what is a name for technical university of technology ?
what were short cycle degrees given by the short cycle degrees given before they were given short cycle degrees ?
what was the second cycle of degrees allowed to offer 2nd cycle degree in 2007 ?
what is the name of the junior college in singapore ?
how many polytechnics are there in singapore ?
how many years does polytechnic offer diploma courses ?
who started the academy that was founded in 1762 was founded by which queen ?
when was the first school that was founded in banska stiavnica founded ?
what type of mining did the royal institute train specialists in the field of mining ?
when did teaching begin in the field of teaching in the field of scientific study in the field of education ?
what are university buildings still at their place today are still used for what purpose ?
what is the name of the intermediate division of south africa between universities and what is a term for the ?
in what year did technikons receive power to award certain technology degrees ?
in what year did the merger of technikons and traditional universities of technology begin to form universities of ?
from what type of schools were most of thailand's research institutes developed from ?
what type of degree can be obtained in thailand's history in the past, in thailand, what ?
what scientific institution developed from pathumwan technical school ?
what is the former name of the university of technology in which the former institute of technology was renamed to ?
before joining the university of technology, what was the former name of the university of technology previously held what ?
what engineering school in thailand was developed from seato graduate school of engineering in thailand ?
what is the name of the only government owned technology university in thailand ?
when was the technological university in thailand founded ?
what is the most well known private technological institute in thailand ?
what is the name of the technical university that was founded in bursa in 2010 ?
how many technical university is about to be opened in konya technical university ?
where were 2 technical universities opened in the ottoman empire in 1950s ?
when did the uk polytechnic begin ?
what organization offered diplomas and degrees from bachelor's, master's, phd, and diploma ?
what were the comparable institutions in scotland known as ?
what was the first polytechnic in britain known as ?
how many " institutes of science and technology " were there in the 1970s ?
what was the only university in the uk to have a designation of technology in 1966 ?
in what decade did some colleges become a university in what decade ?
what act gave polytechnics a further and higher education status ?
what organization oversight did the further and higher education act give polytechnics the right to confer degrees without ?
what are technical institute and technical institute of technical institute of technical institute of technical institute of technical institute of ?
when were technical institute schools formed ?
along with a university or polytechnic, what type of education did technical institute and polytechnic allegen further ?
when was the first and first of the first known polytechnic institute ?
what is the name of the first university in the united states that was founded in the 19th century ?
what economic class benefited from technical education in venezuela ?
when were the institutes of technology developed in venezuela ?
where was the first iut created ?
who adopted the french " french universitaire de technologie "'s system of study systems ?
where is the wayback machine a digital archive of what kind of resource ?
who created the wayback machine created the wayback machine ?
where is the internet archive of the internet archive based ?
who created the wayback machine was established by the wayback machine? who created the wayback machine ?
what does the archive call itself ?
what is the main resource of web sites since 1996 ?
when do they revise sites that have been revisit sites every few weeks or months have been ?
what is the grand vision ?
what is the name of the animated cartoon series using the name " wayback machine "? what is ?
who used the " wabac machine " to help set the tab for the wabac machine ?
what machine did peabody and sherman use to watch the time machine they used to watch the time machine they ?
when did brewster kahle develop software to crawl and download on the internet ?
what type of site collected by these information does not include all of the information on the internet ?
what standard do these crawlers respect ?
what was developed in 2005 ?
where had information kept for 5 years had information kept on what medium for 5 years ?
who can tap into the clunky database ?
what day did the archive of the clunky database's name change to the heritage of the ?
where was the clunky database unveiled ?
what usually become available more than 6 months after they are archived or, in some cases, are archived ?
how long do regularlies usually stay in place after they are archived ?
what kind of frequency of snaphots is the frequency of snaphots ?
when were sites with to be added to the open directory added to the open directory ?
who wrote the internet archive of the internet archive in 2010 ?
when was jeff kaplan's internet archive released ?
how much data was contained in the wayback machine in 2009? how much data was contained in the ?
what was the growth rate of the wayback machine in 2003 ?
where is data stored on the data stored ?
who manufactured petabox rack systems ?
when did the internet archive convert its customized storage architecture to sun open storage ?
where did the internet archive transfer its customized storage architecture to ?
where is the new data center for the sun modular data center located ?
what year was the new, improved version of the wayback machine released ?
when was it said that the beta of the beta of the new wayback machine was said to have ?
the index driving the classic wayback machine has little of material from what year does the index driving the ?
what year did the beta of the new wayback machine forum beta come into beta ?
what feature allows internet users to archive the contents of a url ?
when did the " save a page " feature allow internet users to archive the contents of a url ?
what was the name of the lawsuit filed by defendant chordiant filed a motion to compel net ?
who filed a motion to compel netbula to disable the robots ?
what did chordiant intend to disable ?
what did netbula object to removing the websites directly in the motion ?
who was the official that filed a sworn statement supporting the motion filed a sworn statement supporting the motion filed ?
who rejected netbula's arguments ?
where was taftbury hales magistrate judge howard lloyd from ?
which company was able to retrieve archived pages that they sought to retrieve archived pages that they sought to retrieve ?
telewizja polska is the provider of what telewizja polska ?
what network does echostar operate ?
who rejected telewizja polska's assertion of hearsay and denied tvp's ?
who was the trial judge at the trial ?
what are the dates used to determine if a web page is available before the exchange ?
what is provided with additional requirements for a patent application must be met in order to meet additional requirements for ?
what kind of limitations are there on accessing a web site ?
what can errors in a web site not reveal ?
archives such as the wayback machine don't contain the contents of the wayback machine don't contain ?
what kind of databases do non - restful databases not contain information in their archives ?
what do some people in europe view the wayback machine to be found in europe as violating what laws ?
what would a user do with content creator's archive be done by the library before the user can ?
where can the exclusion policies for the wayback machine found ?
what were various sites critical of from the wayback machine critical of the wayback machine critical of ?
who gave an error message about the transfer of data from the wayback machine ?
what group demanded removing the site owner from the site owner's site owner's site owner ' ?
who defended a client from a trademark dispute in 2003 ?
who was the plaintiff ?
what did healthcare advocates alter their complaint to include ?
what did healthcare advocates claim they violated ?
what kind of protocol is the robots exclusion standard ?
what is the name of the voluntary protocol that disallows bots from indexing certain pages ?
what is the name of the voluntary protocol that disallows bots from indexing certain pages ?
what website owner can access to a website owner contacted us to allow access to a website owner contacted us ?
which activist filed suit to pay her us $ 100, 000 to pay her us $ 100, 000 ?
what site did shell demand internet archive to youtube ?
where did the courts file a declaratory judgment action in the us district court ?
which district dismissed all counterclaims that were made in 2007 ?
when did the internet and shell's lawsuit take place ?
which archive and suzanne shell's jointly announced settlement of the lawsuit ?
who was the site of the lawsuit settled the lawsuit ?
what kind of requests were sent to the archive of a pornographic actor to remove archived images of him ?
where did a pornographic actor attempt to remove the archived images of him ?
what are some alternative names for the dutch republic of the netherlands ?
when did the netherlands remain in europe ?
what countries did the dutch republic of the seven united provinces become ?
until the 16th century, what countries were the low countries that were present - day ?
what county was under the kingdom of france ?
what rule did most low countries come under the rule of ?
who issued the pragmatic sanction in 1549 ?
in what year did william i of orange revolt against philip ii ?
why did william i of orange revolt against philip ii ?
what year did the union of utrecht sign the union of utrecht ?
who signed the union of utrecht ?
what was signed in 1581 ?
what year was the act of abjuration passed ?
what was the union of utrecht ?
when did the united provinces invited francis, duke of anjou ?
what year did the duke attempt to take antwerp over ?
when was william of orange assassinated ?
who declined the offer of sovereignty after william of orange's death ?
what year did the province become a confederacy ?
what caused the republic of the united provinces to survive the republic of the united provinces ?
where did the dutch republic flee to when the dutch republic fled to after fleeing from spain ?
what was created by the revolutions in 1783 - 1795 ?
when did the netherlands regain independence from france ?
what names were used in the anglo - dutch treaty of 1814, what names were used in the anglo ?
what other countries rejoined with the kingdom of the netherlands in 1815 ?
during what period did the dutch republic dominate world trade in the 17th century ?
what was the wealthiest region in the world ?
what year was the oldest stock exchange in the world founded ?
what city has the oldest bourse in the netherlands ?
how many cities did the dutch east india company go public in different cities ?
what is the oldest modern trading institution in europe ?
between what time period did the dutch possess one of the strongest navies in the world? between what ?
which areas of trade did the dutch trade lucrative slave trade come from ?
what did the dutch receive from the dutch in the 1590 - 1712 conquests allowed for their conquest ?
how many provinces were in the republic ?
what were the seven provinces of the republic ?
what was the state general ?
what was the eighth province of thierburg ?
why was drenthe exempt from taxes ?
what was the main executive official in drenthe ?
who commanded the army in times of war ?
who commanded the army in times of war ?
who were the stadtholders under the stadtholders were freely appointed by and subordinate to the st ?
what was the name of the stadtholders beginning to be chosen as stadtholders of the province ?
what areas had the same stadtholder as holland ?
what political faction was the monarch of orange ?
which political party supported the stadtholdership with the princes of orange ?
after what landmark were the border territories given to the united provinces given to the united provinces ?
what type of lands were given to several german territories ?
what were the name of the generality lands that were given to several german territories ?
who was in control of the dutch east india company ?
what were the major expeditions in the dutch east india company's shipping expeditions in dutch east india company ?
who was influenced by the constitution of the republic of the united provinces influenced by the constitution of the republic ?
who influenced the constitution of the united states ?
what is the american declaration of independence similar to ?
what was the name of the union that gave the rights to accept only one religion in practice, calvin ?
what did the union of utrecht want to make free people free in their choice of what from every other ?
who was a strong supporter of public and personal freedom of religion ?
what was quickly forbidden in the netherlands in practice ?
what did people who had not been allowed to hold public office conform to in the republic ?
the extent to which different religions and denominations of persecuted depended on what factors ?
what would people opening homes to services be from valencian society to be banned from valencian society in ?
what was one factor that caused large immigration of religious refugees from other parts of europe ?
what was the subject of controversy in the reformed church? what was the subject of controversy in the reformed ?
what has controversy caused in the reformed church? what has controversy caused controversy within the reformed church ?
which synod tackled the issue of the remonstrants and contra - remonstrants and contra ?
when did the situation change from more or less active persecution of religious services to a state of restricted to ?
did religious services take on the roman catholic religion? did religious services take on the roman catholic religion ?
what language does symbiosis come from ?
what did albert bernhard frank describe the mutualistic relationship between living and living together in community in 1877 ?
what was heinrich anton de bary's nationality ?
how long has the definition of symbiosis been debated after how long has symbiosis ?
what is a symbiotic relationship ?
what is another term for optional ?
what group of organisms consist of fungal and photosynthesistic symbionts that cannot live with ?
what is an example of a symbiotic relationship with one another ?
what is symbiosis in which organisms have bodily union with symbiosis in symb ?
what is one type of event where one partner lives inside the other ?
what do bacteria essential nutrients to 5 % of nutrients ?
what is the name of the bacteria that live in alder tree root nodules ?
what is the main element of corals ?
what species attach to the jaw of baleen whales attach to the jaw of baleen whales attach to ?
what ectoparasites are examples of ectoparasites that are ectoparasit ?
what is ectosymbiosis also referred to as ectosymbiosis ?
what is a relationship between individuals of different species ?
what kind of interactions are considered symbiotic ?
what kind of gut flora do a large percentage of herbivores have ?
what is the result of mutualisms between coral and algae ?
what do mutualisms do plants do with respect to the mutualisms between plants and land ecosystems? what ?
what fungi help extract water and minerals from the ground ?
what is an example of mutual symbiosis ?
what protects the globe from the sting tentacles from the sting tentacles from the sting tentacles ?
what is the relationship between the ocellaris clownfish ?
what type of fish lives with shrimp ?
what do goby fish touches the shrimp with to warn the goby fish from danger ?
what type of symbiosis is known from encrusting bryozoans and hermit ?
when were these worms found at hydrothermal vents ?
what is the internal symbionts of siboglinid tube worms are reliant ?
where were these worms found in the 1980s? where were these worms found in the 1980s ?
what does a host cell lack some of that is provided by the host cell? what does a host ?
what do endosymbionts produce ?
what is heredity ?
what is the main impact of adaptation of the endosymbiont to host's lifestyle lead ?
what is it called when intracellular bacteria reinstate its wild type phenotype via a recom ?
what is the reason for the change in the environment of intracellular bacteria in the environment ?
what language does commensalism come from ?
what is the english word commensalism ?
what is another name for housing ?
what is it called when someone dies from a commensal relationship, what is it called when someone ?
what is another name for transportation ?
what is one type of relationship between different species of animals with each other ?
what is another term for parasites ?
what is necrotrophic ?
how many animals have at least one parasitic phase in their life cycles? how many animals have at least ?
what feeding on the blood of a host would be called what in a biotrophic relationship ?
what is the type of relationship that exists where one species is inhibited or completely obliterated and ?
what are the two types of amensalism ?
along with antibiosis and amensalism, what is one type of amensalism ?
what substance destroys many herbaceous plants within its root zone ?
what species of bat feeds on the same type of shrub? what species of bat feeds on the leaves ?
what do the spanish ibex and weevils feed on the same type of what do the spanish ?
what is it called when an organism inflicts harm to another organism without costs or benefits received by ?
what is a rare type of symbiosis in which interaction is detrimental to both organisms and prey ?
what does synnecrosis cause ?
is synnecrosis uncommon or uncommon in nature? is it true of synnecrosis in ?
why do bees don'tflict pain on their prey ?
what is believed to have resulted from a symbiosis between different species of bacteria ?
what are the types of organisms that are considered to be the evolution of all eukaryotes ?
what theory did lynn margulis write about ?
which biologist did margulis believe that life did not take over the globe by combat and networking did ?
what role did symbiosis play in the co - evolution of flowering plants ?
what did some plants develop ?
what has the relationship between plants and insects changed in some taxa of plants and insects changed in some taxa ?
what french word describes the canadian armed forces? what french word describes the canadian armed forces ?
what states that the canadian armed forces are the canadian armed forces of canada called ?
what does canada's national defence act state that the canadian armed forces are the canadian armed forces raised ?
what is the name of the canadian armed forces ( cf )? what is the name of the canadian ?
how many sub - divisions does the canadian reserve have? how many sub - divisions does the canadian reserve ?
what is the name of the act that has the responsibility to administraining the canadian armed forces ?
who is the reigning canadian monarch? who is the reigning canadian monarch ?
who is the monarch of canada? who is the monarch of canada? who is the monarch of canada ?
who is in charge of the canadian armed forces ?
who advises the chief of the defence staff advises the chief of the defence staff in canadian military operations ?
during which war was canadian defence policy contributing to the security of europe? during which war was canadian defence ?
what was a major focus of canadian defense policy during the cold war? what was a major focus of ?
what was the main concern of canadian defense policy during the cold war? what was the main concern of ?
when did canadian ground and air forces start to be based in europe? when did canadian ground and air ?
when did canadian ground and air forces remain in europe ?
which organization has moved much of its defence focus from afghanistan to canada ?
what has the canadian military become more deeply engaged in? what has the canadian military become more deeply engaged ?
which country has the most direct involvement in international security operations in the world since 2002 ?
when did the canadian military become more deeply engaged in international security in afghanistan ?
how has the north atlantic treaty organization moved much of its defense focus from iran to iran? how much ?
what is canada's modern strategy based on ?
when was the canada first defence strategy introduced ?
how many foreign missions does canada carry out in canada? how many foreign missions does canada carry ?
in what area of the world where are the canada first military missions in canada ?
what do the canadian armed forces contribute to ?
what is one of the activities that the canadian armed forces contributes to canadian defense diplomacy? what is one ?
which us forces'cooperation with canada is canadian - defense diplomacy considered to be in direct conflict with the ?
what is a canadian military mission in the us air force's missions and cooperation with the us air ?
what is a major canadian outreach efforts to promote what do the canadian outreach efforts promote ?
in what year did the colonies in canada serve as regular members of french and british forces ?
before confederation, what countries served as regular members of the colonies in canada ?
who attacked the colonies before confederation in 1867 ?
which war did the colonies in canada join ?
what did canadian militia units help defend british north america against ?
who was the responsibility for the canadian military command ?
where was the commander - in chief for north america stationed before the final british invasion of north america ?
when did the final british army and royal navy units leave halifax ?
who led the canadian air force ?
when did canada officially become a canadian army ?
what was the first overseas deployment of canadian military forces during which war ?
who commanded the canadian military forces? who commanded the canadian military forces ?
what war did canada join in the first world war ?
what war did canada decide to join ?
what war did canada's crown - in - council decision to send canadian troops to join the war ?
how many international operations have canadian military units participated in worldwide events since 1947? how many international operations have ?
how many international operations have canadian military units completed international missions since 1947? how many international operations has canadian ?
which major events in the cold war did canada participate in nato? during which major events did canada participate ?
what is the suez crisis ?
what did canada maintain from 1957 to 1970 during the cold war? what did canada maintain during the cold ?
what is the name of the battle for caen ?
what major bombing did canada use to bomb german cities ?
what is a notable canadian military battle? what is a notable canadian military battle ?
where was the battle of medak pocket ?
how many military members did canada have at the end of the second world war, what was canada ' ?
which country's fall to canada was the second world war ?
along with soviet sources, what nationality was the data that was found to be incorrect ?
when did the current canada armed forces begin to see the beginning of the current canada armed forces ?
which us branches were merged in 1968 ?
who controlled the canadian air force until canada gained its independence from the united kingdom ?
when did canada become independent from the united kingdom ?
which event was a major event in canada that was a major event in canada that was a major event ?
what name was given to canada after the 1980s ?
when did the name canadian armed forces first refer to canadian armed forces ?
when did the canadian armed forces name the canadian armed forces name canada's name canadian armed forces name ?
after the 1980s, what was the new name for the canadian armed forces after the 1980s ?
what did the united nations support peacekeeping efforts in afghanistan ?
when did canada last have the canadian land forces been deployed in afghanistan ?
what is the abbreviation for the us. what is the abbreviation for the us ?
who gave the authority to deploy troops to support the un troops in afghanistan ?
what type of operations did land forces support in the afghanistan country ?
how much money is spent on the modern funded armed forces? how much money is spent on the modern ?
what is the current size of the armed forces ?
how many total troops are in the armed forces ?
what year is the number of reserve personnel expected to go up to 30, 000 people in the main ?
how many people are likely to be serving on the cf bases in swaziland ?
what was the name of the canada first strategy to modernize the canadian armed forces? what was the ?
how did canada's military offer the first canadian military strategy? how did the government of canada ' ?
what was the major concern with the cf facing a problem with recruiting in 2008 ?
what types of equipment did the acquisition of equipment in afghanistan result in the acquisition of ?
what aircraft fleet was the air force's medium range transport aircraft fleet ?
what new systems have been acquired for the afghanistan military forces ?
when did the aerial expansion of the afghanistan military force begin to increase the efforts of the us air force ?
what disciplines were women allowed to be hired in the 1950s? what disciplines were women allowed to be hired ?
when did the caf begin to expand ?
who were the women employed by the quebec commission to add employment opportunities to non - traditional areas ?
what did the canadian civil rights act and freedoms change in the 1975 - 1976 season of the canadian civil ?
what canadian document allowed women to serve at sea after the quebec constitution passed the canadian human rights act ?
what was the women closed to in 1987 ?
when did the mod create an office to study the impact of skilled workers begin to study the impact of ?
who created an office to study the impact of skilled workers created an office to study the impact of skilled ?
what was the name of the trials where women were employed in the 1987 war ?
what year were the military occupations open to women in the military ?
what service opened in 2000 ?
how much did the introduction of women into the combat arms increase the potential recruiting pool by the introduction of ?
who fully integrated women in the military ?
what is the major requirement of all of the equipment that is suitable for mixed gender clothing? what is ?
what is one of the types of clothing that is designed to ensure that women have protection and comfort from ?
what is the price of the purchase of brassiere under the purchase of brassiere from the brassiere ?
what is the beginning of the canadian armed forces'status at the top of the canadian armed forces ?
what determines the canadian commander - in - chief of the canadian armed forces'commander - in - chief ?
who exercises the duties ascribed to the canadian sovereign ?
what types of orders fall under the canadian constitution ?
who must sign the canadian constitution's orders in council must be signed by the canadian government ?
under the westminster system, who must the monarch follow in order to be responsible for the monarch and viceroy ?
how many members are in the armed forces'personnel is divided into a hierarchy of numerous ranks of the ?
who is the highest ranking commissioned officer in the canadian armed forces ?
who appoints the chief of the defence staff as the highest ranking commissioned officer in the canadian armed forces ?
where is the national defence headquarters located ?
who are the provincial operations command and which other positions are held by the armed forces council? who are ?
how many canadian forces bases are in canada's armed forces? how many canadian forces bases are in ?
where do the cfb recruit school in canada ?
where do the cfb and other canadian military academy get their basic training in the canadian military academy ?
how many warships does the royal canadian navy have ?
where is the canadian dockyard located ?
what is the name of the naval reserve headquarters in quebec ?
what does the rcn participate in ?
who is in charge of the canadian army? who is in charge of the canadian army? who is ?
how many divisions are the canadian army's divisions are under the canadian army's canadian army administered ?
what are the canadian army's four divisions ?
what is the canadian army's name is canadian army's name ?
what is the canadian army's name is canadian army's name ?
how many field ready brigade groups are in the regular force component of the canadian branch of the regular force ?
how many divisions are in the regular force comp ?
what is one of the air force groups that is included in the canadian branch of the regular force component ?
what is the other type of ambulance that is co - located with each canadian brigade group ?
where are major training and support establishments in the canadian divisions? where are major training and support establishments in ?
who is in charge of the canadian air force's head of the rcaf ?
where is the canadian norad region based ?
how many wings are carried out through how many wings are carried out through canada? how many wings are ?
who is in charge of the canadian air division operations ?
where are the major air bases in canada ?
where are administrative and command facilities located ?
where is the nato air base geilenkirchen located ?
what is the name of the canadian air base geilenkirchen, germany ?
what is the name of the major air base in canada? in canada where are the major air bases ?
what is the joint task force ( jtfn ) a chain of forward operating locations in canada ' ?
what is maintained at various locations in canada's northern region? what does the us air force maintain ?
what do the usaf capable of supporting what type of operations are the north and south carolinas capable of ?
what squadrons deploy to these airports for short training missions ?
what do the cf - 18 squadrons periodically deploy to these airports for short training exercises? what do the ?
when was the canadian joint operations command formed ?
which command was created in october 2012 ?
what was the new command created from what budget ?
what is the name of the formation capable of commanderic stability in canada ?
what is the main function of the canadian special operations forces command ?
what is the main mission of the canadian special operations forces command ?
where is the cjiru based ?
how many special missions does the cfb petawawa have a canada special missions ?
what is the information management group responsible for conduct of ?
where is the canadian forces information operations group headquarters ?
what is the goal of the caf cyber task force ?
when did canada announce the establishment of a new organization ?
who was the canadian armed forces chief of force in june 2011 ?
who provides health services to the canadian joint formation medical detachment provides health services to the canadian medical detachment ?
what is the name of the canadian joint operations command ?
what is the full name of the canadian medical service with less frequency, what is the full name of ?
when can the canadian armed forces'reserve force be called upon for canadian armed forces to be called upon ?
what are the levels of the canadian armed forces'reserve force of canada's reserve force of canada ?
who is the highest ranking person in ndhq ?
what are the four components of the air reserve ?
what does the term coats consist of officers and non - commissioned members of which group conduct training, safety ?
how old are the cadets in the canadian cadet movement ?
who are the majority of members in the canadian cadet movement ?
who are not employed in the canadian cadet movement ?
what do the canadian rangers do ?
where do the canadian rangers provide surveillance and patrol services ?
what is the canadian rangers essential to ?
what do the canadian rangers provide what to the canadian rangers ?
what is the only wear for caf members to wear on any occasion? what is the only wear that ?
what kind of medal is worn by the caf members to wear wear a dirty work - like garment is ?
what is the official dress of the cf ?
what is authorized for winter wear in cold climates? what is authorized for winter wear in cold climates ?
what type of dress is the navy, most army, and the navy designated for in the us navy ?
what are the provincial headdress for canadian armed forces? what are the provincial headdress for ?
how is each canadian authorized headdress worn by the canadian armed forces? what color is the head ?
what is the most widely worn headgear in canada ?
what is the canadian army wear which is typically worn by the canadian army ?
what document gives the federal government exclusive responsibility for national defence ?
in what year was the canada constitution augmented ?
who was the right to elect the pope in 1059 ?
what did the bishops of the holy roman church receive in the 12th century? what did the bishops receive ?
what term was used to refer to priest's status in the church of england ?
when was the term cardinal first applied to priests of the diocese of rome ?
to what group was the term cardinal applied to the diocese of rome ?
what latin word is the word hinge derived from ?
who still maintains the name cardinal ?
in rome, what were the first persons to be called cardinals in rome? what were the first persons ?
in what century did the roman cardinals become a privileged class among the roman clergy? in what century did ?
when did the synod of what was the decree of a synod of what year gave the papal liturgy ?
in 1059, who was given the right to elect the pope in 1059 ?
what was the papal liturgy of the pope ?
in what year did pope innocent iv give the right to wear the red hat to the pope ?
who granted the right to wear the red hat in 1244 ?
what name was given to certain church men as a mark of honour in cities other than rome ?
in what year was the first letter sent to the name cardinal ?
in what year did pius v use the title cardinal ?
who sent the first letter sent to mark the name cardinal ?
in what year was the first letter sent to the name cardinal ?
who reserved the title cardinal for cardinals of rome in 1567 ?
in what year did pius v use the title cardinal ?
in what year was the council of trent held ?
who was the holy roman church headed by ?
in what year was the council of trent held ?
who was the holy roman church headed by ?
which monarch gained influence from the influence of temporal rulers ?
in early modern times, what important role did cardinals in early modern times have important roles in ?
who was the ruler of france ?
who was the ruler of france ?
who was crowned king of portugal ?
how many cardinal deacons were allowed to be appointed by pope sixtus v limited the number of cardinal ?
how many cardinal deacons were in the papal differty of cardinal deacons? how many cardinal deacon ?
in which pope's cabinet has the limit for cardinal to be appointed pope ?
at the beginning of the year of the beginning of the new cardinal electors in 1971 ?
how old are cardinals under paul vi? how old are cardinals under paul vi when cardinals are brought to ?
at the beginning of the year of the beginning of the new cardinal electors in 1971 ?
what was the limit on cardinal electors in 1971 ?
what does each cardinal take on a titular church? what does each cardinal take on a titular church ?
who receives the titular bishopric of ostia ?
who does the dean of the college of cardinals receive ?
in what year did the title of eminence become a title to eminence ?
who decreed the title of eminence was given to the title of eminence in 1630 ?
to what would the secular rank of eminence equated the secular rank of eminence ?
who were the secular rank of prince ?
who decreed the title of eminence was given to the title of eminence in 1630 ?
what is the usual form for referring to a cardinal in english? what is the usual form for referring ?
what is the usual form for referring to a cardinal in english? what is the usual form for referring ?
how do cardinal sign with respect to their personal name and before their surname do cardinal signicians sign ?
what is the full title of cardinal ?
why do oriental patriarchs use the full title cardinalis ?
what type of order is used in the proclamation of the election of a new pope by cardinal protode ?
what is the name of the person used in the proclamation of the election of a new pope by cardinal ?
in what year was the most recent election of a non - cardinal as pope ?
in what year was the most recent election of a non - cardinal as pope ?
how many countries have an actual right to the cardinal by concordate ?
what do most countries have no see carries an actual right to ?
who is the most senior prelate of the catholic church ?
what are cardinal bishops? what are cardinal bishops ?
who is the most senior prelate of the catholic church ?
what type of priest was customarily elected for the papal election of a person elected in early times ?
what was the purpose of consecrating him a bishop ?
what happens to the pope if the person elected pope is not yet a bishop ?
what happens to the pope if the person elected pope is not yet a bishop ?
how many suburbicarian sees ?
between what time was velletri united with ostia ?
who separated the papal states from the roman catholic church ?
what are the seven suburbicarian sees ?
when did cardinal bishops have a titular relationship with the suburbicarian see have the cardinal bishops had a ?
what is the name of the cardinal who is the head of the cardinal's metropolitan see is not ?
what is the title of cardinal vicar of the see of rome? what is the title of the cardinal ?
when did cardinal bishops have a titular relationship with the suburbicarian see have the cardinal bishops had a ?
what is the name of the cardinal who is the head of the cardinal's metropolitan see is not ?
who is the apostolic administrator of rome? who is the apostolic administrator of rome ?
what is the name of the cardinal of the church ?
who is the only person to determine whether canon law can be judged by canon law ?
what does the pope give each newly appointed cardinal ?
who gives each newly appointed cardinal a gold ring ?
what is the wide - brimmed hat that cardinal could bestow upon cardinal ?
when did the custom of cardinal tom w. king george vi's reign in the non - public ?
what is the investiture now designated as the investiture now designated as the investiture ?
who wears the formal gown of the gown of the gown of the gown of the gown of the gown ?
what does the blood - like red represent in a cardinal's blood - like red symbolize a ?
what is the color of the scarlet garment that is always white ?
why is the bird of the same name bird of the same name bird become known as such ?
until what century was the custom for cardinals to wear a violet or blue cape? until what century did ?
what happens to the cardinal when a pope dies before revealing the identity of an in pectore cardinal ?
during whose reign did cardinals without publishing their names until later ?
what type of marriage allowed clerics to be ordained as priest ?
in what year was the code of canon law promulgated by benedict xv's revision of the ?
what did the revision of the code of canon law entail? what did the revision of the code ?
what is the cardinal who cannot do with what can a cardinal do with what purpose in a cardinal ?
when were bishops ordained to the cardinalate ?
until what year was it possible for someone who was not a priest to become a cardinal ?
in what year did pope john xxiii set the norm that cardinals be ordained as bishops ?
what is the purpose of the cardinal ?
who has the privilege of announcing a new pope's election and name from the central balcony at the ?
where does the cardinal protodeacon receive the title of cardinal protodeacon receive his title ?
who chose not to be crowned cardinal in 1978 ?
what color [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [mask] to [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
how many cardinals were in the order of deacons in 2005? how many cardinals were in the order ?
how long have cardinal deacons been considered to be " optazione " after they were designated as ?
in 1939, how many cardinals were italian in 1939 ?
in 1939, what was the number of cardinals in the italian curia in 1994? how much did ?
where did cardinal deacons originate from ?
what is the lowest - ranking cardinal ?
who is the cardinal protopriest ?
who is the current cardinal protopriest ?
who must approve of the election of the cardinal dean ?
what title do patriarch cardinals hold in the catholic order ?
what is the highest level of cardinal priests in the catholic church ?
who are cardinal deacons ranked below of cardinal deacons below what cardinal deacons are ranked above cardinal ?
what is the most numerous of the three orders of cardinal priests in the cardinal orders of cardinal priests ?
who advised cardinal in the archdiocese of rome? who advised cardinal in the archdiocese of rome ?
what does a cardinal priest have ?
in what year did pope sixtus v sought to block the growth of the college ?
how many cardinals were removed from the college's size was the most successful papal number for the papal ?
who abolished the tax of canonization of cardinal priest's right to add new churches to the palace ?
what language form a branch of the indo - european language family ?
iranianic languages form a branch of what indo - european language family ?
indo - iranian languages are iranian languages a branch of ?
when did the iranian people cease to use historical iranian language? when did old iranian languages last ?
what language did sassanid iran speak ?
how many iranian languages were reported to be spoken in iran in 2008? how many iranian languages were spoken ?
from what language does the term iranian descend from ?
what languages did arya descend from ?
when was the term for irano - aryan first translated to christianity ?
who first introduced the term for irano - aryan first translated the term for irano - aryan ?
who first used the term irano - aryan in 1878 ?
when did robert needham cust first use the term irano - aryan first used the term iran ?
from what ancestor did all iranian languages descend from a common ancestor of all iranian languages descend from ?
where did indo - iranian languages originate ?
what culture is the suggested candidate for the indo - iranian culture is the suggested candidate for the indo - ?
in what year did the andronovo culture become the common indo - iranian culture ?
what language family did thracian belong to ?
where did the iranian tribes settle in the early millennium bce ?
what type of diversity has been of great importance among iranian people? what type of diversity has been of ?
how many languages and dialects have survived? how many languages and dialects have survived? how many languages and ?
what inscription is the name old persian used to refer to the three languages of what inscription is the name ?
when was the behistun inscription written ?
when did the transition from old persian to middle persian begin to take the place of old persian to middle ?
what is one of the two forms of old iranianic sanskrit ?
what is the liturgical texts of traditional iranian religion that now goes by the name of what is the liturgical ?
what language developed in old avestan at the same stage of development as old persian ?
which language is older than old avestan ?
what is the predecessor to which language form is carduchi the predecessor to ?
what did herodotus call the old iranian language herodotus? what did herodotus refer ?
what types of groups are iranian people in western and eastern iranian society ?
what language is the western equivalent to western iranian ?
what language do western and eastern iranian terms have little meaning with respect to ?
what are the names of the two proto - indo - iranian first - series palatal consonants that are ?
what type of consonants are associated with the division of western and eastern blocks ?
* dz, * dz, * dz, * dz, * dz, ?
what are the two major complication concerns with * dz ?
* cw and * dzw are also concerns with * cw and * dzw, * ?
what groups were already in existence during this time period ?
what subgroup of scythian is scythian a subgroup of ?
what is the name of the eastern iranian ancestor of parthian ?
when did the middle iranian era end ?
what are the two main groups of middle iranian languages ?
which category do the eastern languages fall under ?
to what language did the eastern group of the eastern group retained some similarity to ?
what language were the eastern group's alphabets inscribed in ?
what script was written using bactrian script ?
what is another name for middle persian ?
when was middle persian first used in iran ?
what were the major literary languages of the manichaeans ?
what script did manichaean texts use to write manichaean texts similar to the iranian language ?
what religion conquered persia after the conquest of persia by iran ?
what was the official language of iran before the court ?
what dynasty was the first in a line of dynasties in iran ?
in what year did the saffarid dynasty adopt the new iranian language ?
what province did the term dari come from ?
what script did the islamic conquest adopt ?
when did writing persian and arabic script begin to be used to write persian and arabic script for writing persian ?
what script was first translated in the 1920s under the soviet government in the 1920s ?
when was the script that was the script that was the first latinised script cyrillicized by the soviets ?
who cyrillicized the script in the 1930s ?
what is another name for western iran ?
what are two iranian languages displacing various iranian languages? what are two main languages spread from ?
when did sogdian's relative yaghnobi barely survive in sogdian's ?
where is samarkand located ?
what is the name of the other language that is the sole remaining scythian language is the sole ?
what is the main source of light during daytime lighting? what is the main source of light during daytime ?
what kind of effects do proper lighting have on the perceived effects of lighting ?
what is the major component of buildings using artificial lighting ?
lighting and what other types of sources does lighting use ?
what are the two types of lighting that give a possible effect on lighting ?
what is the main source of light during daytime lighting? what is the main source of light during daytime ?
what is another name for lighting ?
what kind of effects do proper lighting have on the perceived effects of lighting ?
what is the major component of buildings using artificial lighting ?
what are the two types of lighting that give a possible effect on lighting ?
what is often used for indoor lighting? what is a key aspect of indoor lighting ?
what is a key part of architectural design of architectural design of architectural projects that involve light fixtures and what ?
what is a key part of indoor lighting? what is a key part of indoor lighting ?
what is often used for indoor lighting? what is a key aspect of indoor lighting ?
what is a key part of indoor lighting? what is a key part of indoor lighting ?
when was fluorescent lighting first available for sale at the world's fair ?
what is another name for " can lights " in canada ?
when was the earliest form of lighting used to slow fires in the caves of peking man ?
what type of animal was used as a fuel for oily animals used as a feature of oily ?
what kind of lighting were used to illuminate the earliest form of artificial lighting used to illumi ?
how long ago were the earliest bulb - burning lamps found in the lascaux caves ?
what type of bulb was the next major drop in price of electricity from what type of bulb was the ?
when did gas lighting begin to become more economical than street lights ?
what did more street lights reduce ?
what is a variety of styles for various functions ?
lighting fixtures are often avoided by lighting fixtures to avoid what ?
what is the typical unit of luminous efficacy of a typical bulb ?
what is the daylight in a bulb ?
what type of bulb has a color temperature around 2800 to 3000 kelvin ?
what color color are temperatures for high temperatures to lamps with more of a color temperature for a lower color ?
what type of temperature does a lower color temperature for a white bulb have more energy in the yellow and ?
what is the main source of electricity is mainly produced by what type of distribution ?
who invented track lighting ?
what feeds all of the fixtures on a track or rod with 12 or 24 volts on a track ?
what is a modified version of track lighting ?
how many volts does a master transformer feed the fixtures on a master transformer feed on the ?
what is an uplight intended for ambient lighting? what is an uplight intended for ambient lighting ?
what is the most common fixture found in homes and offices? what is the most common fixture found in ?
what is the desk lamp considered to be ?
in what sort of nightclub could one expect to see the most deviation from the use of lighting in nightclub ?
what was once popular in the 1960s and 70s ?
what type of lighting would generally fall under what type of lighting ?
what do steps in a movie theater usually feature? what type of lights are often marked with small lights ?
what types of tubes are now replacing low voltage lamps in theater cases ?
what is a typical application of low voltage lamps in theater models? what is a common application of low ?
what type of lights are used to light roadways and walkways at night ?
what type of luminescence is created by some manufacturers to design led lighting ?
what can be used to illuminate outdoor playing fields or work zones during nighttime hours ?
what can be used along roadways in urban areas of roadways? what can be used along roadway ?
what can be used to signal the entrance to a property ?
what color are the tail lights on vehicle exhausts are typically visible on wheels ?
what color are headlamps ?
when did some automakers begin to use electroluminescent technology to backlight cars'speedometer ?
what color of the light towards the vehicle is the reverse gear of the vehicle's transmission ?
what type of signals are often shown on the front of the vehicle's front indicate an intended change ?
what is the removable and replaceable part of a light fixture? what are lamps called ?
what does a light bulb convert into electromagnetic radiation? what does a light bulb convert into electromagnetic radiation ?
how much light does a wax candle produce on the close order of lumens ?
how much light does a wax candle produce on a 15 - watt compact fluorescent bulb? how many lu ?
lighting design applies to lighting design as it relates to the construction environment, lighting design is referred to as ?
lighting design is generally referred to as lighting design ?
what is the name of the software that is used to employ mathematical modeling on computer components that can be ?
what type of data is used to determine the quality of lighting design ?
what is used to calculate the amount of daylight received in an internal space using what method to determine the ?
what type of paint is used to absorb light in some design instances ?
what type of paint is opposite of light paint ?
what are often used to simulate lighting designs before they are renovated ?
what is prepared to control the lighting of a theater lighting designer to produce the effects of lighting in theater ?
motion picture and television production use many of the same tools as motion picture and television production use many of ?
what is the basic si unit of light measurement ?
what is the si unit for luminescent light ?
what is the cgs unit of luminance ?
where is the amount of useful light emitted from a source measured ?
what is the name of the standardized model of human visual brightness perception is defined by the si unit of ?
what is the si unit of luminous power per area measured in ?
what does ugr stand for ?
what does cct stand for ?
what does cri stand for ?
what is the abbreviation for color rendering index ?
what is the abbreviation for correlated color temperature ?
what is another metric for the measurement of the level of retail applications ?
what is another metric for gamut area index ?
what is gamut area index ?
what is an example of exposure to something in a dosimeter ?
what is the first device to measure the amount of light entering the eye was first created to measure the ?
what is the dayimeter used for the dayimeter used to measure the amount of light entering the eye ?
how many days for the dayimeter to be used to determine days for the dayimeter to be used ?
what type of light does the head mounted device observe exposure to ?
what is the basic concept of determining how much illumination is required for consideration for determining how much illumination is ?
what type of system is able to provide light in what system ?
what are many newer control systems using ?
what is a more common cable - free open standard ?
how many applications need to run control wires through wireless mesh open standards provide advantages over wireless mesh open standards ?
what devices allow operation for whenever someone is scanned ?
what do passive infrared sensors react to ?
what type of sensors allow people to hear sound waves to return ?
how much movement is the automatic shut off of the lights shut off when motion can be detected when someone ?
what is the name of the oldest method of lighting in modern times that daylighting is simply designed to ?
are daylighting schemes more commonly seen in most buildings? are daylighting schemes more commonly seen in most ?
what is diodes ?
what principles do leds use to control the light emission of leds ?
what can cause blood pressure to increase blood pressure can cause increased blood pressure? what can cause increased blood ?
what can be caused by lighting systems that maximize the right amount of light for the elderly to achieve what ?
how many hours is the human circadian system able to mimic the earth's natural light pattern ?
what do these patterns do to the human circadian system when these conditions are disrupted? what do these ?
who documented the study conducted in 1972 and 1981 ?
how many tes did the study show patients with nurses with less negative comments about the number of nurses ?
how many tes did the study show patients with nurses with less negative comments about the number of nurses ?
where did alison jing xu work at northwestern ?
where did alison jing xu teach ?
who devised a method that would be used to discover a method that was created in 1849 ?
in what year did dr. abraham gesner devised a method where kerosene could be disti ?
before the 1820s, what method was used for lighting since the 1820s ?
what type of cfl lamps use less power to produce the same amount of light as incandescent lighting ?
is the percentage of cfl lighting recommended to use less power to produce light in cfl lighting? how much ?
how much power do led lamps use ?
how many hours is the lifetime of a typical bulb life is the lifetime of an incandescent bulb ?
how long is the lifetime of a typical bulb lifetime ?
what percentage of energy saving halogen lamps use 20 % energy from a standard incandescent bulb ?
what is a growing problem with public transportation? what is a growing problem with public transportation in response to ?
what creates safety issues with lighting? what creates safety issues with lighting? what creates safety issues with lighting ?
what can be used to find natural light in a battlefield setting to find natural light ?
what type of light is critical in battlefield events? what type of light is critical in battlefield events ?
modern warfare has seen increased use of night vision in modern warfare using what technology? what devices have modern ?
what can be used to mark positions in the military to mark positions in the military to mark positions in ?
what have eliminated the need for targeting flares ?
what does cie stand for ?
what does iesna stand for ?
who publishes guidelines, standards, and handbooks that allow categorization of light perceived as guidelines, ?
what does photometric data for lighting manufacturers define ?
what does iald stand for ?
what does plda stand for ?
what was the earlier name of the professional lighting designer association previously known as plda ?
what does the national council on qualifications for lighting certification study stand for ?
what does ncqlp stand for ?
what abbreviation is given to someone who has passed the lit test process to indicate the certification process ?
what are the other two national council test certifications in lighting industry certifications ?
what does plasa stand for ?
what country is plasa ?
how many people are part of the plasa ?
what does the rohs stand for ?
what is a political doctrine from montesquieu in the spirit of the laws where he urged for ?
how many branches of government did montesquieu advocate splitting powers from the constitution ?
what document heavily influenced the separation of powers from the constitution ?
what is the united states form of separation of powers associated with separation of powers associated with the separation of ?
what was the proposed separation of powers of the other branches of government called ?
which philosopher advocated the principle of enlightenment in their writings during the age of enlightenment? which philosopher advocated the ?
which philosopher strongly opposed the principle of enlightenment ?
which philosopher was the leader of the group that was the leader of the group that was the leader of ?
whose views on the supreme court did john locke write ?
which philosopher advocated the principle of enlightenment in their writings during the age of enlightenment? which philosopher advocated the ?
which philosopher strongly opposed the principle of enlightenment ?
which philosopher was the leader of the group that was the leader of the group that was the leader of ?
what country's constitution was a model for the united kingdom's constitution ?
what was the uk westminster system based on ?
what type of government did the states that had the power of government in the south ?
strict separation of powers did not operate in what country did strict separation of powers not operate in what country ?
who was the president of delaware ?
who has the sole power to legislate for the us ?
what was the case where the supreme court held a formal us supreme court case that was in the case ?
in what year was the case clinton v. city of new york ?
who has the sole power to legislate for the us ?
what states that congress may not delegate its power to legislate for the us constitution ?
what was the case where the supreme court held a formal us supreme court case that was in the case ?
in what year was the case clinton v. city of new york ?
what was the oldest case that involving the limits of non - delegations of the supreme court's ?
in what year was the us supreme court's decision regarding the limits of non - delegations of ?
who was chief justice of the supreme court ?
what did congress have to contend that congress had unconstitutionally clothed ?
what was the oldest case that involving the limits of non - delegations of the supreme court's ?
who was chief justice of the supreme court ?
in what decade did the supreme court hold a delegation of power that was given by marshall's personal ?
what was the name of the administration that was created by a. l. a. schecht ?
when was 295 us. s.'s us constitution document, 295 u. s.'s ?
when was 295 us. s.'s us constitution document, 295 u. s.'s ?
what was the case involving the national recovery administration called a. l. a. ?
what is the highest ranking of the us military commander in chief of what two branches of the military ?
who advises the president in the canadian constitution ?
what is it called when a bill of the constitution emplicates the presidential power to terminate the ?
what type of government bodies have direct oversight of the federal trade commission ?
what power is vested in the marshall islands power to make treaties and appointments to office by law ?
in what position is executive power vested with exceptions and qualifications are given to the executive power of the us ?
what is it called when a bill of the constitution emplicates the presidential power to terminate the ?
who executes laws made by the constitution to ensure that the laws are made by the constitution ?
what do congress authorize executive officials to do by law passed by congress in its drafting of legislation that ?
what was the name of the case that the supreme court decided the prescription for legislative action in art ?
when was ins v. chadha born ?
how much of the senate and house of the senate are required to repassed by what percentage of ?
what kind of power is vested in the supreme court's power to decide cases and controversies vested in ?
who is responsible for deciding if judges are appointed by the judges? who is responsible for deciding if judges ?
who advises the judges in the us supreme court's advice and consent of the judges'advice and ?
what are courts called who exercises judicial power in the us ?
what is the power to decide cases and controversies vested in the supreme court's power to decide cases ?
who is responsible for deciding if judges can be appointed by the judges? who is responsible for deciding if ?
who advises the judges in the us supreme court's advice and consent of the judges'advice and ?
what type of court may not take the form of judicial agencies or commissions ?
what may not exercise the power of legislative courts ?
who serves as president of the senate if the bill is passed by congress ?
who exercises a check over congress'veto over vetoing a check over vetoes by veto bills ?
who serves as president of the senate ?
who appoints judges with the power to issue pardons and reprieves are given to judges with ?
who appoints judges with the power to issue pardons and reprieves are given to judges with ?
who is the civilian commander in chief of the army and navy of the united states ?
who has the power to declare war per se ?
who confirms the presidential majority vote of the military ?
what type of judicial review looks at both the executive branch and the legislative branch to determine whether or not ?
what was the precedent for judicial review by the supreme court set a precedent for judicial review ?
what is the only court that may determine constitutionality ?
who has the power to determine the constitutionality of laws ?
what is the only constitutional limit on the power to determine the jurisdiction of the judiciary body of the supreme ?
who presides in the senate during a capital proceeding ?
who wrote the federalist 51 ?
what document did madison write about the ability of each branch to defend itself from actions by the others ?
along with the president, what is the other branch of the united states'history of power has there ?
how many bills did george washington veto the veto from george washington's veto power in the first six ?
how many bills did washington veto the veto from using the veto power of george washington's veto was ?
how many bills did washington veto during his two terms in office? how many bills did washington veto during ?
who was the first president of the united states to use the veto as a political weapon ?
how many of johnson's vetoes did congress override of johnson's veto ?
what did the bill that passed by andrew johnson pass ?
who was the first democratic president following johnson's removal ?
who was the first democratic president following johnson's removal ?
who sweeping power did congress give to the president ?
who gave roosevelt power to sweeping authority ?
what did nixon use to support his expansion of power ?
what is argued to be the legal standing of the judicial branch of the judicial branch of the government of ?
in practice, who holds the power and delegatess delegated to determine whether decisions are delegated to ?
what court states that florida's second view of florida's second view of florida's second ?
what court states that florida's second view of florida's second view of florida's second ?
what type of architecture is often considered to be art that is often considered to be art that is made ?
what is the latin name for architecture ?
what is one of the most important aspects of architecture from the greek meaning of the latin architectura ?
what are often perceived as cultural symbols and as art and cultural symbols and cultural symbols and art are often ?
what are historical civilizations often identified with? what are historical civilizations often identified with their surviving architecture from historical ?
what language does architecture in latin originia come from ?
what does architecture derive its name from ?
what is architecture designed to be constructed by architecture ?
what are buildings perceived as being constructed in architectural works? what are buildings perceived as cultural symbols and what ?
what is often identified with their surviving architectural achievements? what type of architecture is often identified with their surviving ?
what is the name of the oldest written architecture that is the oldest written architecture from the roman architect vi ?
who created de architectura ?
when was de architectura written ?
what are the three principles of firmitas, utilitas, venustas, and venustas typically ?
what is the name of the oldest written architecture that is the oldest written architecture from the roman architect vi ?
who designed de architectura ?
what is the oldest written work about ure? what is the oldest written work about ure ?
what principles should be found in architecture that were designed by vitruvius's design principles ?
what are the three principles of firmitas, utilitas, venustas, and venustas typically ?
when did the notion of style in the arts begin to develop ?
who wrote the treatise, the style in the arts ?
what languages had vitruvius translated his lives of the most excellent painters, sculptors, and architects ?
what should be the most important aspect of beauty ?
who wrote de re aedificatoria ?
what did leon battista alberti think beauty was primarily a matter of ?
what was the definition of the golden mean of the rule of proportion for alberti's philosophy of ?
in what century did the notion of style in the arts begin to be developed ?
who wrote contrasts ?
in what year did augustus welby northmore pugin write contrasts ?
what was the name of the architecture that was the name of the architecture that was designed by augustus we ?
in what year did augustus welby northmore pugin write contrasts ?
what was the contrasted between the contrasts between classical and modern architecture contrasted with neo - medieval world architecture contrasted ?
what style did pugin believe architecture was the only true christian style of architecture ?
who wrote seven lamps of architecture ?
who wrote seven lamps of architecture ?
what was john ruskin's discipline of architecture ?
when was the seven lamps of architecture published ?
what did the sight of the art of architecture contribute to the impact of the art of architecture contributed to ?
what did ruskin's work on a building in ruskin's work on architecture in rus ?
what property did ruskin's design of ruskin's design for ruskin's design ?
what is the design style of architecture for ruskin's work in ruskin's work is ?
what did ruskin use to be distinguished from ruskin's design elements to be distinguished from rus ?
in what century did architect le corbusier describe the style of stone, wood, stone, ?
who is the name of the famous 20th century architect who was known for his work on stone, wood ?
what is ure? what is ure ?
in what century did architect le corbusier describe the style of stone, wood, stone, ?
what does the word " yes " mean? what does " yes " mean ?
what is the name of the person that describes the style of architecture that describes the style of architecture that ?
what did the concept of " function " come to be in place for the purpose of encompassing all criteria ?
what types of factors could be seen as encompassing the focus of function in function? what types of factors ?
whose concept of " function " was instead of function? who introduced the concept of " function " in ?
what did the function come to be seen as encompassing ?
with what two things were the ideas that should be taken to determine the considerations that should be taken to ?
what are the types of ideas that have influenced modern architects and their style of architecture that have influenced modern ?
rationalism, rationalism, and empiricism are rationalism, empiricism, ?
what is one of the philosophies that have influenced modern architects and what other direction has rational ?
what is one of the types of architecture that influenced modern architects of architecture that influenced modern architects is architectural ?
when was the compass of both structure and function of sustainable architecture added to the compass of both structure and ?
what is the focus of the compass of both structure and function of sustainable architecture in the modern era of ?
what type of ally friendly is constructed in terms of production of materials, what type of ally friendly is ?
what does the modern ethos of building is dependent on ?
what types of needs were the dynamics of buildings influenced by building materials and means of building materials and means ?
what began to be formalized through oral traditions and practices of human cultures began to be formalized through ?
what did building become after human cultures developed and knowledge of building began to become what after human development and ?
what is the name given to the most formalized aspects of building became a craft after building began to ?
what is available in building materials that were available for building materials and means to build buildings? what is ?
what type of buildings make up most of the world that people experience every day ?
what was the cause of the urbanization of the economy ?
what is the process of architectural success believed to be the result of architectural success ?
what type of architecture continues to be produced in many parts of the world ?
what type of settlement of human settlements were most early human settlements ?
what was the effect of the economy on the urban economy ?
how did urbanization evolve in some cases? how did urban areas evolve in some cases ?
what are two ancient civilizations that reflected the constant engagement with the divine and supernatural aspects of ancient civilizations that ?
what are two ancient civilizations that reflected the constant engagement with the divine and supernatural aspects of ancient civilizations that ?
what are the constant engagement of architecture and urbanism of ancient civilizations that reflected the constant engagement of architecture ?
what do ancient cultures use to represent the state of the ruler? what do ancient cultures use to represent ?
what chinese writings were from the 7th - 5th centuries bce ?
what country was the kao gong ji from ?
when did the kao gong ji of china exist ?
what is the name of the ancient indian architecture style from sri lanka ?
what ancient indian writings were from ancient india? what ancient indian writings were from ancient india ?
what led to architectural forms that were designed specifically to enhance the natural landscape of asian countries? what led ?
what type of architecture was seen as having great regional diversity ?
when did hindu temple architecture develop ?
what are the types of architecture of hindu temple architecture? what is hindu temple architecture concerned about ?
what are the concepts of hindu temple architecture? where are hindu architecture concepts ?
what type of architecture did the chinese architecture of asia show great regional diversity ?
what led to architectural forms that were designed specifically to enhance the natural landscape of asian countries? what led ?
what was the widespread application of the pointed arch to influence what type of architecture of the medieval period ?
when did islamic architecture begin ?
what other ancient city was influenced by islamic architecture? besides the middle east and what other ancient city were ?
what types of needs were developed in islamic architecture ?
what is the name of the influence of european architecture from the 7th century ce ?
what were the major buildings built in romanesque architecture ?
what were the major buildings built in romanesque architecture ?
what movements were the gothic movements from about 900 ce onwards? what movements in the romanesque style of romanesque ?
romanesque romanesque architecture was romanesque romanesque architecture from about 900 ce onwards from the romanesque romanesque style of romanesque architecture ?
what is another name for the romanesque style of romanesque architecture? what is another name for the romanesque style ?
when did the movements of clerics and romanesque architecture begin to spread ?
when did renaissance humanism begin to be the beginning of the renaissance humanism ?
when did renaissance humanism begin to be the beginning of renaissance humanism ?
what continent was the renaissance humanism movement ?
what period was the revival of classical learning in europe ?
what did renaissance humanism place more emphasis on in society during the renaissance ?
what were the four classes of humanism ?
what considerations does architecture have to reflect? what considerations does architecture have to reflect about architecture ?
what is the main components of architecture that are designed with planning and designing what to reflect functional, social ?
what does the practice of architecture also encompass ?
who stated that architecture goes beyond the functional aspects of architecture with its aesthetic dimension architecture goes beyond the functional ?
what does nunzia rondanini believe architecture goes beyond the functional aspects of architecture in different places ?
what can architecture influence without presuming that architecture will influence? architecture does architecture through its own towards ?
what will architecture promote without presuming that architecture will promote ?
what does architecture in different places have in common with other types of architecture that does not have in common ?
what is the definition of formalism limited to? what is the definition of formalism limited to ?
what is the purpose of using formalism to art for aesthetics that are not the meaning of formalism ?
what property of art is disparate between the meaning of formalism disparate between the meaning ?
from what did the greek and roman designs evolve from ?
what new design emerged from the architectural and religious designs of classical civilizations? what new design emerged from the ?
what types of architecture were more religious and architectural designs from the greek and roman designs from civic ideals than ?
what developed in the form of the classical orders ?
texts on architecture have texts on architecture been written since when have texts on architecture been written ?
what type of advice and what else were included in texts on architecture from ancient texts? what type of ?
what is another name for the formal prescriptions of texts from ancient texts from ancient times where were the ?
when were the writings of vitruvius? what century were the first known examples of roman architect ?
what is one of the most important examples of what type of architecture is one of the most important examples ?
what was formed by craftsmen to organise their trade and written contracts from medieval europe ?
what kind of contracts have been made in medieval europe? what kind of contracts have survived in medieval europe ?
what type of buildings were particularly similar to contemporary documents that were written contracts similar to today's designs ?
what is a contemporary name for master masons who were the german architect ?
what was affected by the revival of classical architecture? what was affected by the revival of classical architecture in ?
what was the scope of the impact of the impact of the impact of the impact of the impact of ?
what began to be divided into two areas of architecture after the rise of new materials and technology began to ?
what was the expense of design and engineering that began to become more cost effective than aesthetics? what was ?
what type of architect began to take on the rise of architectural style in architecture began to take on the ?
what were the important aspects of architectural education in france in the 19th century that gave the most direct benefit ?
where did effective architects get their training ?
what two areas of production did the industrial revolution open the door for ?
aesthetics became a criterion for the middle class aesthetics became a criterion for the middle class aesthetics as aesthetics became ?
what became a criterion for the middle class as ornamented products ?
what were the features of house builders combining features from house builders ?
what design did house builders use to enhance house builders ?
around the beginning of what century did the design of architecture begin to take a general dissatisfaction with the emphasis ?
what new style did the german style of architecture become a precursor to ?
when was the germanr werkbund formed ?
what was the reason for the germanr werkbund ?
what was the name of the german architecture school founded in weimar, germany in 1919 ?
what movement was the first to adopt modern architecture ?
what was the focus of the new style of architecture after wwi ?
what did modernist architecture reject the style of the style of architecture that was the influence of the style of ?
what style did modernist architects remove historical references and ornament in modernist architecture ?
what did modernist architects remove in favor of functionalist details? what did modernist architecture remove in favor of ?
what architect developed organic architecture ?
what are two examples of organic architecture that were developed organic architecture? what are two examples of organic architecture ?
what was the aim of organic architecture? what was the goal of organic architecture? what is the goal ?
what modern construction movement made use of traditional forms for geometric forms ?
what construction method gave birth to high - rise superstructures ?
modernism morphed into what style did modernism morph into ?
what design element of new york's world trade center designed modernism ?
who designed the world trade center designed the twin towers of new york's world trade center ?
what facet of architecture did modernism lack ?
what three architects were responsible for modernism ?
what were the style of neoclassicism architecture style of gothic architecture style style emerged from modernism architecture ?
what movement condemned modernism and brutalism for being too austere and monotone were considered to be ?
what school of architecture is a reaction to modernism and brutalism ?
what are two types of architecture that does not include what types of architecture does the school of metaphoric ?
what source of inspiration and design does the school of metaphoric architecture use as the primary source of inspiration ?
what is the later development of postmodernism a later development of postmodernism ?
when did architectural phenomenology begin to become an important movement against modernism ?
architectural phenomenology emerged as an important movement in the early 20th century? what movement did architectural ?
what did new contemporary architecture aim to spread contemporary architecture to the new style of architecture ?
who considered postmodern architecture a decorated shed building ?
what is the name of the style that was designed by robert venturi's style of neoclassical architecture ?
when did the field of architecture become multi - disciplinary with specializations for each project type? when did ?
what is the structure of a large structure that is not a large structure that is not a single design ?
what are two types of architecture have been criticized by some architectural professions in regards to design of large ?
what has become a major major impact of architectural profession? what has become a major impact on architectural profession ?
what has the shift in architecture of architecture changed architecture schools more on what have been more focused on in ?
who was the pioneer in sustainability in architecture? who was the pioneer in sustainability in architecture ?
who was the designer of architectural sustainability in architecture was the basis for architectural sustainability in architecture ?
who is the leader in design of architectural education ?
what are the movements that have recently promoted sustainable architecture ?
what types of estates do new classical architecture leaning against ?
what does new classical architecture offer in order to enhance sustainable architecture? what does new classical architecture offer ?
what types of architecture are new urbanism, metaphoric architecture and new classical design more modern than traditional ?
what indicators are used to rank countries into four tiers of human development ?
what is the life expectancy at birth of a country with a higher living expectancy at birth ?
who developed hdi? who developed hdi ?
what organization published hdi ?
what is the life expectancy at birth of a country with a higher living expectancy at birth ?
when was the human development index introduced ?
what does ihdi stand for ?
what is the level of human development index ?
what can be viewed as an index of potential human development ?
when were the first hdi's developed program launched ?
who did mahbub ul haq work beside? who did mahbub ul ha ?
what did the focus of development economics shift from national income accounting to ?
when were the first hdi's developed program launched ?
what is the mean age of schooling ?
what is the life expectancy of a person? what is the life expectancy of a person ?
what is the age that a 5 year old will be considered to be the age that a 5 year ?
what is the gnipc ?
who promulgates the formula defining the hdi formula ?
when was the 2015 human development report released ?
what year did the 2015 human development report calculate hdi values based on estimates for hdi values based ?
when was the 2014 human development report released ?
what year did the hdi values calculate hdi values based on estimates for hdi values ?
what is the definition of the human development index ?
what is the inequality - adjusted human development index ?
besides bahrain, kuwait, bahrain, kuwait, bahrain, kuwait, bahrain, kuwait, bahrain, kuwait ?
what is hdi ?
what was one reason some countries were not included in the 2014 report ?
what country was included in the 2014 report ?
when was the 2013 human development report released ?
what year were the hdi values estimated for hdi values estimated for hdi values based on estimates ?
what is the inequality - adjusted human development index ?
besides singapore, taiwan, and singapore, taiwan, singapore, taiwan, and singapore, taiwan, and ?
besides singapore, taiwan, and singapore, taiwan, singapore, taiwan, and singapore, taiwan, and ?
what year was the human development report released ?
besides australia, which other country has a quartile of hdi quartiles in hd ?
besides australia, which other country has a quartile of hdi quartiles in hd ?
what was one of the reasons some countries were not included in the 2011 report ?
what nation was included in the 2011 report ?
when was the 2010 human development report released ?
when was the human development report released ?
what are the three basic dimensions of human development ?
what country has the most success foreign countries in the top quartile of hdi ?
what was one reason some countries were not included in the 2010 report ?
what country lodged a formal protest of cuba's inclusion in the 2010 report ?
what has the climate of cuba ranked cuba as what in recent years has cuba ranked as ?
when was the 2009 human development report released ?
what was the period covered by the 2009 human development report covered ?
what was the name of the 2009 human development report ?
what is the name of the new category of the top countries by hdi in 2009 ?
what does the report refer to the countries by hdi in terms of status by hdi ?
what was one reason some countries were not included in some countries ?
what was the name of the new index that was released on december 18, 2008 ?
hdi was published without what ?
what was the time span that was covered by the 2008 hdi report ?
when was the human development report launched ?
what was brazil's main focus in brazil's human development report ?
what year was the human development report from ?
what year was the human development report from ?
where was the human development report launched ?
what type of countries were less developed countries than developed countries ?
what is the hdi below ?
where are the 22 countries in the category of countries in the category of countries in the category of hd ?
what is the highest - scoring sub - saharan countries ?
what is the highest - scoring sub - saharan countries in africa? what is the highest - scoring sub ?
what are the highest - scoring sub - saharan countries ?
what is the hdi of hdi ?
along with libya, macedonia, russia, macedonia, macedonia, russia, libya, macedonia, russia, ?
along with libya, libya, libya, libya, libya, libya, libya, libya, libya, ?
which arrows represent a decrease in ranking ?
what represent an increase in ranking over the previous study ?
what type of dash represent a nation that did not move in the past is considered to be a nation ?
what country was the highest six times ranked in the top of the human development index in terms of performance ?
what country has been ranked highest in comparison to norway's other three highest in comparison to norway ' ?
what is the focus of the human development index's lack of consideration in the human development index ?
what type of models of development have been criticized for not using the human development index to describe the types ?
what perspective has the human development index taken a place on the human development index ?
what has the human development index alleged ideological biases towards ?
how many sources of data error were identified by economists hendrik wolff, howard chong, and other sources ?
in what year did undp take the impact of the hdi's methodology to classify nations as ?
who was the human development report office's comments about the hdi in early january 2011 ?
how many economies and economies were covered by the hdi for 2009? how many economies and economies were ?
how many countries dropped the hdi for 2010 hdi dropped to how many countries dropped the hdi ?
what is another name for southern europe ?
what is one area with which southern european peninsula is known as mediterranean europe ?
what countries are geographically in the southern part of europe ?
along with greece and italy, what is one area with which southern european country is considered to be mediterranean ?
what types of attributes are used to define southern europe ?
what are the natural features of southern europe ?
what type of climate covers most of portugal, spain, portugal, spain, portugal, spain, portugal ?
what areas of turkey are covered by the mediterranean climate ?
what type of climate does southern europe's mediterranean climate resemble in southern europe's mediterranean climate ?
what areas have cooler climates ?
which region experiences a wetter atlantic climate ?
what climate type does the north coast of spain have a wetter climate in the north coast of spain ?
what area of southern europe is armen takhtajan recognized by armen takhtajan ?
who recognized the mediterranean region of europe? who recognized the mediterranean region ?
what is the period of time of ancient greece known as ?
what did the rise of the classical antiquity begin the rise of in the classical antiquity period ?
which empire expanded the influence of the greek influence during the golden age of the empire of which great emperor ?
where was the western roman empire based ?
where was the eastern roman empire based ?
what ethnicity of people attacked the western roman empire in the eastern roman empire in the eastern roman empire ?
when did the western roman empire fall ?
by what year was the western roman empire divided into the western roman empire ?
what do modern historians refer to the eastern roman empire during the middle ages? what do modern historians refer ?
what group moved into power in western europe during the middle ages ?
what did the germans establish in western europe ?
what is the period known as ?
in what year did the crusaders sack constantinople ?
what merchant republics became major economic powers ?
what movement worked to redevelop the crusaders to redevelop the crusaders from christian rule ?
who ended the crusades ?
what period of time marked the beginning of the upheval of europe during what period of time was ?
what is the name of the epidemic that took place during the late middle ages during the late middle ages ?
what empire encroached on former byzantine lands in the balkans ?
constantinople's fall of constantinople resulted in the fall of constantinople ?
when did the renaissance begin? when did the renaissance begin ?
where did the renaissance begin ?
what were traditional doctrines of the renaissance of knowledge challenged traditional doctrines in the renaissance of knowledge challenged traditional doctrines ?
what two cultures learned knowledge from the arabic texts and thought about classical knowledge? what two cultures learned knowledge ?
which countries reconquista led to the reconquista of which countries led to the rec ?
what year did the religious wars in europe end ?
which countries were the spanish's conflict with the treaty of the pyrenees ?
who invented the telescope and the thermometer ?
who invented the radio ?
what did european expansion lead to ?
what was produced by european expansion into the americas ?
what did the columbian exchange allow a new economy based on ?
what was the name of the combination of resource inflows from the new world and what other event ?
during what time did the time of the revolutionary war occur ?
from which empire did the balkan nations begin to regain independence from ?
in what year did italy capture rome ?
what is the name of the movement of rivalry between europe and the ottoman empire known as what ?
when did world war i begin ?
when did the allies take back central powers ?
what was the big four treaties called ?
what was the name of the regime under hitler gained power in 1933 ?
under whose nazi regime did the germans become more powerful in the nazi regime ?
who sought to gain control of the continent by the second world war ?
who sought to gain control of italy ?
what was the name of the military alliance between germany and the soviet governments ?
what does eu stand for ?
what did the eu control ?
when did the soviet economic and political system collapse ?
in what year did the soviet union dissolve itself ?
when did croatia become a part of the eu ?
what is the most widely spoken family of languages in southern europe ?
what countries speak italian ?
where is catalan spoken ?
what language is spoken in northwestern spain ?
how many people speak spanish ?
what language is spoken in greek and greek spoken in greek ?
in what part of the country of greece is the greek language spoken in greece ?
what language is spoken in macedonia ?
what language is spoken in bulgaria ?
where is slovene spoken in south slavic languages ?
what is the second language in southern europe ?
what language is the second language of southern europe ?
what is the second language of malta ?
albania, kosovo, macedoonia, kosovo, macedoonia, albania, kosovo, macedo ?
what language is maltese ?
what areas of spain is the basque country ?
what is the predominant religion in southern europe ?
in what year did christianity become the official religion of the roman empire ?
what religion is generally accepted in southern europe ?
what religion is generally accepted in southern europe ?
what classification does the united nations organization group countries under a classification of countries under the united nations organization group ?
what is the definition of countries to specific groupings for the assignment of countries or areas to specific grouping ?
southern europe includes countries and territories that are grouped for convenience by the united nations, what is the united ?
what does tdm stand for ?
who divides the european region based on the basis of the transport of travel information on the european region based ?
what is the name of the bbc television service of great britain broadcasting company broadcasts on what channel in the ?
what document describes the terms of the bbc television system ?
when did bbc begin producing television programmes from its own product ?
when did the beginning of television broadcasts begin in the uk ?
in what country does the bbc television company operate ?
what percentage of the uk viewing of the bbc channel in the united kingdom is comprised of the bbc channel ?
what is the world's ranking in the world's largest what ?
when did britain first broadcast its first television broadcast ?
where was the first broadcast from london ?
how many days did the first television broadcast of the first television broadcast from london take place on what day ?
when did the bbc continue broadcast broadcasts on baird television ?
when did the simultaneous broadcast of the first broadcast of the first british television broadcast of the first stereo broadcast ?
where did the bbc begin its broadcasts from basement of what london venue did the bbc begin its broadcasts from ?
what was carried by which telephone line to the medium wave transmitter ?
what type of broadcasts were lost by the radio broadcast industry in 1935 ?
where was the studio moved to in february of 1934 ?
when did the bbc move to 16 magp studios move to 16 magp studios ?
where did london's broadcast company move to broadcasts from ?
what band was now broadcasting on the transmitter ?
how many lines did bbc adopt the two systems ?
how many lines did the bbc first adopt the marconi - emi system ?
on what day did bbc broadcast from 15 : 00 to 16 : 00 broadcast on bbc's first ?
how long were the two systems to run on the first trial ?
who used the first cameras ?
when did the baird system close to the baird system close to the baird system close to the baird system ?
how close was the alexandra palace transmitter to the alexandra palace transmitter ?
in what year did engineers start experimenting with a british television set ?
at what company were the engineers picked up a new york area where engineers picked up a new york area ?
what was the second thing the engineers began experimenting with in 1938 ?
where was the bbc antenna broadcast from ?
when was the current name of the bbc one ?
what was the first broadcast on a dedicated tv channel for the first time on television ?
who were the first broadcast from the bbc broadcast in 1937 ?
when did the broadcast broadcast of world war ii take place ?
what was the government concerned about before britain declared war on germany ?
what program was essential for the war effort ?
what was the last program transmitted by mickey mouse cartoon ?
when was broadcasting suspended ?
how many television sets were manufactured from 1936 to 1939? how many television sets were manufactured from 1936 to ?
who made the first announcement ?
when did bbc television return to bbc television ?
where did production move to in the 1950s ?
which cartoon of 1939 was repeated ?
where was broadcast coverage continued in postwar broadcast coverage in 1949 ?
what station was added to the broadcast coverage of birmingham's postwar broadcast coverage was added in 1949 ?
what image did most of the country's radio broadcast broadcast have to carry what antenna did most of ?
what type of satellite could be used to view the reciever image of the reciever image ?
what was the bbc television service renamed to bbc television service in 1960 ?
who was the first channel to receive the most ratings for television in the uk ?
what science fiction show did the bbc tv show in 1963 air ?
where did television transmissions start in 1946 ?
what was the third television station in the uk ?
what was the name of the third bbc channel in 1964 ?
what affected the london area's london area ?
where was the bbc1 broadcast caught ?
who held a candle ?
what was the first television channel in europe to broadcast regularly in colour ?
when did bbc begin broadcasting 625 - line colour broadcasts simultaneously ?
what kind of programming does bbc two lack ?
who first oversaw the first bbc controller to commission the first documentaries ?
what type of broadcasts did sir david attenborough commission the first heavyweight broadcasts of ?
when did tom and jerry first appear on bbc one ?
in what year did the bbc stop airing the cartoon duo ?
how many episodes were shown on bbc one in 1967 tom and jerry cartoons were shown on bbc one in ?
on what channel did tom and jerry have their first airings of tom and jerry's tv shows ?
which unit did david attenborough work with before leaving work in the 1950s ?
when did the bbc natural history unit exist ?
what did david attenborough produce high quality programmes with attenborough's time in the natural ?
how many regions are the bbc one output divided into ?
what nations of the united kingdom are granted more autonomy from the english network ?
what type of speakers are often introduced to the bbc broadcast programmes in the united kingdom ?
what are some programmes of local importance shown on bbc one ?
what political strategy is the bbc northern ireland political program known as ?
what is the name of the soap opera produced by bbc scotland ?
what language does bbc scotland speak on ?
what popular programmes are broadcast on bbc scotland ?
what is the bbc northern ireland's talk show ?
how much of output is legally required to source output from independent companies by the terms of output from independent ?
what is a notable program broadcast from australia ?
what is one example of people who are not allowed to watch programmes from australia ?
what was the name of the first television network to offer ceefax ?
when did ceefax begin to offer the first teletext service ?
what new service has ceefax replaced by ceefax ?
when did the bbc announce its intended to transmit all domestic television channels ?
where did bbc attempt to transmit the 16 regional variations of bbc 1 ?
when was the april 2003 announcement deferred to ?
how much did the bbc say the move would save the bbc over the next 5 years ?
where did viewers receive free - to - air broadcasts of the astra 2a broadcast from which continent ?
what are some of the concerns with the rights issues with programme providers ?
on which platform were some broadcasts made unavailable on the scottish premier league and scottish cup football ?
what broadcasts were made unavailable on the sky digital platform ?
when did the bbc celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of its broadcast of its late night broadcast of ?
what was released on 5 july 2004 ?
what was the name of the program broadcasted on 5 july 2004 ?
what bbc program won a bafta award in 2005 ?
who was the head of bbc television division ?
what was the name of the group that was founded in 2006 ?
what changed the bbc's deal with bbc ?
in what year did the bbc begin experimenting with live streaming of certain channels in the uk ?
when were all standard bbc television channels available to watch the public media channels of the bbc began to stream ?
what is the name of bbc's most exported television program ?
how many times was bbc's tv program sold to overseas broadcasters? how many times was bbc ' ?
who confirmed the corporation's interest in presenting hdm on their tv program in 2016 ?
how often is a television licence fee required to pay a television licence fee for free service ?
what are the bbc's international television channels funded by ?
in what year did bbc change its name to television ?
who is the head of the bbc's head of the bbc's head of the bbc ' ?
what is bbc vision responsible for ?
when did bbc japan's general media channel end up at the end of the 2000s ?
when did bbc japan end up publishing bbc japan's movie network ?
what kind of channel was bbc japan ?
what was arnold alois schwarzenegger born on ?
who was arnold schwarzenegger ?
how many terms did arnold alois schwarzenegger serve as the 38th governor of california between 2003 and ?
at what age did schwarzenegger begin weight training? at what age did schwarzenegger begin weight ?
how many times did the mr. universe win the mr. olympia contest take in the mr. olympia ?
what was the name of the film that was made in 1982? what was the name of the film ?
at what age did schwarzenegger win the mr. universe title, at what age did schwarzene ?
what was the name of the character in the bodybuildings, what was the name of the body ?
in what year did schwarzenegger's second term as governor begin ?
what party was schwarzenegger in 2003 ?
who was governor of davis in 2003 ?
when was the second term of the second term of the second term of davis's term as governor ?
what country was frederick born in ?
what was the name of frederick's parents were born in which name ?
what was the name of frederick's parents were what was frederick's parents ?
what was gustav's occupation ?
who was the older son of gustav ?
what did the family buy from a seller, which did the family buy from a seller ?
what sport did popper play in his first barbell ?
who was the first real movie he saw in which movie did popper make ?
what was my father wanted to be ?
who did karl visit at a gym in graz ?
when did meinhard die ?
who was the father of moun wot's son ?
what caused his death ?
who was the first serious girlfriend of the film's name ?
who did schwarzenegger speak with in a interview in 2004 ?
what was the name of the title hayek won in the world of opportunity ?
what contest did schwarzenegger win in the 1965 contest ?
in what year did schwarzenegger make his first plane trip ?
where did the model of the nabba mr. universe competition take place in 1966 ?
who was the youngest ever mr. universe? who was the youngest mr universe in 1966? who was ?
what did the training program focus on improving muscle definition and power in what part of his body ?
how many hours did schwarzenegger go to munich? how many hours did schwarzenegger go to ?
who was the gym where schwarzenegger spent time in munich? who was the name of the gym ?
at what age did schwarzenegger believe moving to the united states was the u. s. going ?
at what age did schwarzenegger become a dream ?
where was billy graham's first mr. olympia title ?
who was a professional wrestler who designed the original gold's gym logo ?
who stated that schwarzenegger was the most famous immigrant in america ?
what was the name of the book published by schwarzenegger's autobiography was published in 1977 ?
where did schwarzenegger take english classes at ku ?
what [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
what did schwarz [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] [pad] ?
what annual competition is the name of the competition that madonna has received the name of the annual bodybuilding ?
how often did hayek write the bodybuilding magazine muscle & fitness and flex ?
how much did the magazines agree to donate to the governor's fitness initiatives ?
what position was held by muscle & fitness and flex was appointed to be governor of both magazines ?
what was the name of the first pyrenees - european contest ?
how many mr. olympia wins did mr. olympia wins ?
how long did schwarzenegger stay in the arnold classic with weights every day ?
what was the name of the contest between 1991 and 1967 ?
in what year did schwarzenegger first attempt to become mr. olympia ?
who was the reigning champion of the world in 1969 ?
in what year did schwarzenegger come back to the scene in which year did schwarzenegger come ?
at what age was the record held by the youngest ever mr. olympia ?
who did schwarzenegger defeat in the 1975 mr. olympia contest ?
in what year was the title for the sixth time in which year was the title for the sixth consecutive ?
which contest did schwarzenegger retire from ?
what was the name of the documentary that was made to film his training in what documentary was made earlier ?
how long did schwarzenegger have to prepare for the race ?
who was the director of the film, who was the director of the film ?
in which sport was schwarzenegger training for his role in the 1980 mr. olympia contest ?
how many weeks of preparation did schwarzenegger make the final weeks before the final weeks before the final ?
how many weeks of preparation did schwarzenegger make the final weeks before the final weeks before the final ?
in what year did schwarzenegger write about the use of steroids ?
who did schwarzenegger sue in 1999 ?
how much was the german court's lawsuit against dr. willi's libel case ?
what tabloid did schwarzenegger settle with in 1999 ?
what was the name of the movie that featured bob roberts in the film hercules in new york ?
what was the name of the film's accent was dubbed as " arnold what "? what was ?
who starred in'the long goodbye '? who starred in'the long goodbye ' ?
what award did schwarzenegger receive for his role in the film stay hungry ?
what was the description given to the film's accent was described by the director's accent ?
in what year did laserman purchase the rights to the film, which was bought out by laserman ?
in what year did the film, the villain, appear in a movie featuring spikell star in a ?
which movie did schwarzenegger audition for in 1977 ?
what was the name of the 1979 comedy featuring two different characters in which popular 1979 comedy did the film ?
what was the name of the sequel to the sword - and - sorcery epic conan the barbarian ?
in what year was the second time the sword - and - sorcery conan the destroyer was released ?
who starred in the film the terminator ?
which notable movie became international star in the 1980s? which movie became international star in the 1980s ?
in what year was the running man released ?
what was the name of the comedy with danny devito in 1988 ?
how much did netted schwarzenegger make up total recall ?
what was the name of the 1992 telemovie produced a tv series with a brief foray ?
what tv series did the tv show " the switch " come up with in the tv series " the ?
what was the name of the movie that followed the title character in which universal - related film was the ?
who named cesar's movie the international star of the decade in 1993 ?
what was the name of the comedy drama that was released in 1994 ?
what movie was the last of two companies that had had a final production phase before the movie was released ?
how much did terminator 3 earn in 2003? how much did terminator 3 earn in million pounds ?
how tall was the statue proposed by forum stadtpark ?
who proposed plans to build a tall terminator statue in a park in 2002 ?
in what movie did von steuben appear in the film, what was the name of the movie ?
what was the name of the character later revealed to the public about the fictional character in the movie, ?
with whom did the'seven seasons'script share a character developed by schwarzenegger co - author ?
what was the name of the future films that featured two new scripts for future films ?
who wrote wings as eagles ?
on what date did schwarzenegger announce that all movie projects in 2011 were being halted ?
in what span did the first - time movie in which schwarzenegger appeared in the last stand ?
what was the name of the first movie featured sylvester stallone in what movie ?
what movie did the film, the legend of conan star in 2015 starred in ?
in what year was the fifth terminator movie released ?
in what year was the republican national convention ?
what was the name of the video that featured a video that was featured in what video did the reagan ?
in what year did the first time bush appeared in a republican presidential election occur ?
which then - vice president of the united states was the then - vice president of the united states at ?
what was george h. w. bush's nickname ?
in what year was a talk magazine interview made about the interview ?
who claimed schwarzenegger sought to end speculation about the possibility of running for governor of california ?
when was the oklahoma state rally held ?
how many films were the running man ?
what percentage of the yes vote in the recall election was in favor of davis removing the recall election ?
who did schwarzenegger defeat in the 2003 election ?
how many votes did schwarzenegger win in the 2003 election ?
what percentage of the vote did bustamante get by the vote of the recall election ?
who was the second foreign - born governor of california after which irish governor was the second to hold the ?
who said schwarzenegger would start a drive to recall the governor ?
what was the name of the sketch that was a cabot that was painted on a catchphrase ?
in what month did schwarzenegger speak out against the special election of 2005 ?
how many ballot measures were there in the special election he called in the state of ballot measures did schwarz ?
who was appointed chief of staff after schwarzenegger was appointed chief of staff after schwarzenegger was ?
who did schwarzenegger run against in the 2006 elections ?
in what state was gavin newsom a mayor of the times in 2006 ?
what would the senator that allegedly backed off the senator that allegedly backed off the senator that allegedly backed off ?
who wrote a fictional biography on schwarzenegger ?
who became the political emporer of the political emporer of the political emporer of ?
what movie is the name of the movie featuring the president of the united states'2007 movie uses which ?
in what year did the u. s. become a united states citizenship ?
what is the ethnicity of schwarzenegger's dual us citizen ?
which senator was a key member of the bush presidential candidates were very good friends with rudy giuliani ?
along with senator mccain, which senator was a good ally of the republican party in the 2008 primary ?
what concerns did both senator mccain and senator mccain share their concerns about ?
who named schwarzenegger as governor of washington, d. c. in 2010, which group named ?
what was the highest approval ratings in tennessee in 2003 ?
what was davis'record low approval ratings ?
what was the name of the person that raised claims of misconduct regarding the allegations raised against schwarzenegger ?
how many women were believed to have had sex with several women? how many women were believed to have ?
which newspaper reported on allegations of sexual misconduct? news reported allegations of sexual misconduct from several women reported allegations ?
what suit did a fifth woman claim schwarzenegger tried to take off in a hotel elevator ?
which magazine featured a video of the documentary film pumping iron ?
what substance did schwarzenegger use to drink ?
who was the person that settled a lawsuit against schwarzenegger ?
what was the public press event that took place in london ?
which newspaper did she claim she was libeled in a libel lawsuit against walsh ?
in what year did the death penalty abolished ?
who demanded that parliament revoke schwarzenegger's german citizenship was demanded that parliament revoke schwarz ?
when did the bill create the first cap on greenhouse gas emissions ?
what type of businesses are allowed to release into the atmosphere ?
by what year do the two bills aim to reduce california's emissions by 25 percent to 90 % ?
which region of the us states allowed california to work with the regional greenhouse gas initiative ?
what kind of panels did schwarzenegger installed to heat his home ?
in what year did the plan take effect ?
what do the plans to reduce by issuing a limited amount of carbon credits aim to reduce by issuing a ?
where was the sae world congress held ?
which article of the new york post's ruling allowed individuals to be prevented from assuming the office of ?
which newspaper reported on the possible constitutional changes made by which newspaper in october 2013 ?
what school did michael dorf attend ?
what kind of cards did schwarzenegger write his first objectives ?
at what age was the expected age of schwarzenegger's millionaire ?
who started a bricklaying business in 1968 ?
what event brought the company to success in the oil business in 1971 ?
how much did schwarzenegger pay for the apartment building sold for ?
what chain of international theme restaurants did schwarzenegger belong to ?
in what year did schwarzenegger severed his financial ties with the company that separated the company from the ?
what is the name of the international theme restaurants that were inspired by the planet hollywood chain of international theme ?
what investment firm does hayek share a significant interest in ?
where is the shopping mall in which city did hayek invest in a shopping mall ?
what movie production company does hayek own ?
who owns the company that owns oak productions, inc. and fitness publications ?
what was the name of the restaurant in santa monica that was a restaurant that was opened by schwarzene ?
where did schwarzenegger and his wife open a restaurant in stndingland's restaurant open a ?
what does schatzi mean in english? what does schatzi mean in english ?
in what year did schwarzenegger sell his restaurants ?
when did schwarzenegger separate from his wife? when did the person that separated him from his wife ?
how much money did schwarzenegger spend in june 1997 on a private gulfstream jet? how much ?
when did baker publish his memoir ?
what did baker's family have little understanding of what did baker's family have knowledge of ?
what was the first time tv show did barbara outland watch on television ?
who was the next paramour that two men met on the coast where schwarzenegger met his next ?
where did schwarzenegger meet maria shriver in 1977 ?
when did the marriage between karl and maria shriver end ?
who was the wife of john f. kennedy's wife, maria shriver was the president of ?
where did the president of the united states live ?
how many children do the rev. john baptist riordan and taylor's child have ?
who is the person that was featured in the visit to the catholic church in england, who is thought ?
how long did the marriage between shriver and schwarzenegger last ?
which newspaper revealed that the child of karl towards his son more than fourteen years earlier ?
how old was baena employed by the family that was employed for how many years ?
who was the son of baena? who was the son of baena ?
in what year did hayek buy a new house ?
who has consulted on the case that featured a law firm that has helped schwarzenegger work with a ?
who consulted bob kaufman in the cases that have occurred by bob kaufman ?
what did the initial petition result in ?
who stated that she had an affair with schwarzenegger ?
what type of aortic valve was von neumann's aortic valve ?
in what year did schwarzenegger opted for a replacement heart valve replacement surgery ?
who was the son of the driver of the motorcycle crash ?
what did schwarzenegger pass a fell down a ski pole while he was in a fall down a ?
where did schwarzenegger drop off from where did schwarzenegger drop off of the ski pole while ?
where did the private jet land on june 19, 2009 where did the private jet land on june 19 ?
what was the official height of schwarzenegger's height ?
which assemblyman did schwarzenegger engage in a light - hearted exchange with assemblyman? who did ?
what was the actual name of bob mulholland's height was the actual name of bob mu ?
what was the name of the book that schwarzenegger wrote in what book was the secret ?
what is the name of the chapter that was dedicated to his extramarital affair with the author of ?
when was total recall released ?
in what year did schwarzenegger first sell a street - legal version of the street legal version of ?
what was the first product sold by schwarzenegger's first product sold by schwarzenegger ' ?
what color was painted with bright aluminum forged wheels in the car painted with bright aluminum forged wheels in his ?
how much does each hummer that is in a single pound, how much does each hummer that ?
how much did the conversion cost to fuel was reported to be the conversion of one of hayek ' ?
what network did hayek sign an executive order to build hydrogen refueling plants ?
what grant did the oil act receive to help pay for the gas that would later become a state ' ?
what did karl schwarzenegger found in 1995 ?
where were the special olympics held in china ?
how many schools does icg serve over 250, 000 children in over how many countries does icg ?
what school is a part of the schwarzenegger's conservative beliefs are part of the schwarzene ?
in what year was the schwarzenegger institute for state and global policy of california founded ?
what position does schwarzenegger serve as ?
how far west of plymouth is plymouth from plymouth? how far west of plymouth is plymouth from plymouth ?
how many miles west of london is plymouth from plymouth sound to the west - south - west of london ?
what river is to the west of plymouth sound to the west of london, which river is to the ?
what is the southern coast of plymouth ?
what do plymouth and cornwall join to form cornwall ?
where did plymouth first settle in plymouth ?
what was the name of the more prosperous settlement of plymouth before it was finally completed by plymouth ?
in what year did plymouth colony settle in plymouth colony ?
when was the town of plymouth besieged between 1642 and 1648 ?
what did the pilgrim fathers establish in 1620 ?
what is the name of the other town that was a strategic royal naval shipbuilding and dockyard town during the ?
when did plymouth achieve city status ?
what was the name of the act that destroyed plymouth's city centre during world war ii ?
in what year did plympton and plymstock become part of plymouth's metropolitan area ?
what was the name of the urban district of plymouth in 1914 ?
how many people call plymouth home ?
where does plymouth rank in population built - up areas of the uk ?
how many mps represent plymouth city ?
what is the spanish name of the spain - based spanish city in plymouth ?
what university is home to plymouth's largest naval base in western europe ?
what is the name of the settlement that is now located in the area of modern city ?
where were the artifacts from the bronze age found artifacts from the bronze age found artifacts from the bronze age ?
what is tamari ostia ?
in what century did the river silted up in the settlement of plympton's settlement ?
what was the meaning of sutton ?
when was the name plym mouth first mentioned in a pipe roll ?
who first designated the name plympton in 1440 ?
what does plym mouth mean in english ?
when did the french attack the manor house in the hundred years'war ?
who burned the town in 1403 ?
when was the site for the citadel built ?
where was plymouth dockyard before it was built ?
in what year was an act of parliament passed for further fortifying plymouth ?
who led england's first foray into the atlantic slave trade ?
who was the mayor of plymouth in 1581 and 1593 ?
in what year did drake go to the spanish armada ?
in what year did the pilgrim fathers set sail for the new world from plymouth ?
what was the name of the second english colony in which plymouth was established ?
who did plymouth side with during the english civil war plymouth sided with plymouth during the english civil war plymouth ?
how many years was plymouth besieged for how many years was plymouth besieged by royalists during the english civil ?
where did the plymothians defeat the plymothians ?
in what year did king charles ii restore power to king charles ii ?
where were many of the parliamentary heroes imprisoned ?
during what century did the atlantic slave trade take a small part in the atlantic slave trade ?
during what century did plymouth lose its pre - eminence as a trading port during plymouth's ?
when did the first dockyard open on the eastern bank of the river tamar open ?
on what river was the first dockyard built ?
how many men employed in the settlement in 1712 had been the most people employed in 1712 ?
how many people lived in the population of the settlement in 1733 ?
what is the name of the first dockyard in plymouth ?
before the 18th century what was the main imports before the 18th century ?
what was the modern name of plymouth dock renamed to in 1824 ?
what is one of plymouth's major towns and devonport is one of plymouth's major towns ?
who designed the new residential areas of plymouth, stonehouse, stonehouse, and devonport were designed ?
what street was damaged during foulston's foulston disaster damaged the palermo street spared from damage during ?
who established the porcelain venture in boston ?
when did william cookworthy establish his own porcelain venture ?
what occupation did william cookworthy hold ?
who was the inventor of the eddystone lighthouse ?
how long was the breakwater in plymouth sound ?
who designed the breakwater in plymouth sound ?
in what year did the breakwater in plymouth sound finish the breakwater project ?
in what year did work start on the breakwater in plymouth sound begin work on the breakwater in ?
where did the fleet to go to safety from the breakwater in plymouth sound ?
what was a major imports from the americas and europe in the latter half of the 20th century what was ?
what town was built in plymouth during the latter half of the 19th century ?
where did the royal navy move to safety during the first world war where did the royal navy move to ?
for what purpose was devonport important ?
where did flying boats operate from ?
who operated sunderland flying boats ?
what was the name of the command that was the headquarters of which command until 1941 ?
how many raids were the plymouth blitz ?
how many people died in the plymouth blitz bombing? how many people died in plymouth's bombing ?
how many houses were destroyed during the plymouth blitz ?
who planned the redevelopment of plymouth ?
how many homes were completed in the years between 1951 and 1957 completed every year between 1951 and 1957 completed ?
how many homes were built in 1964 ?
in what year was the high rise of the civic centre constructed ?
what grade was listed in english heritage to prevent the demolition of civic slab - and - tower set piece ?
what aircraft carrier was used for refitting aircraft carriers? what aircraft carrier was used for aircraft carriers ?
in what year did the army leave the city by the army ?
how many commando people live in the city of devonport ?
what book was the first record of the existence of plymouth settlement ?
what year was plymouth first recorded to have been settled in plymouth ?
what was the name of the first settlement in plymouth ?
in what year did plymouth become the first town in england to be granted a charter by parliament ?
what year did plymouth become the first town in england to be granted a charter by parliament ?
who was the first woman to become the first woman to become a member of parliament ?
what was the name of the constituency that was the first woman to hold the majority of the british houses ?
on what date was plymouth officially designated city status ?
in what year was the lord mayor appointed in plymouth ?
what is the name of the parish of plymouth sutton ?
what constituency was michael foot elected ?
what position did michael foot serve ?
what was the name of the bill that was responsible for which act was the official body of plymouth - ?
what political party was michael foot elected to ?
where was michael foot born ?
how many people lived in plymouth ?
what proposed abolishing county boroughs ?
plymouth's lobbying led to plymouth's lobbying for the county boroughs to get plymouth, saltash ?
on which date did plymouth cease to be a county borough ?
who recommendations pushed plymouth to become a unitary authority in 1998 ?
what is the european parliament of plymouth ?
who was elected in the 2015 general election ?
what political party did the seats in the general election of 2015 return to plymouth moor view ?
what is the name of the three constituencies of plymouth ?
how many councillors are there in plymouth's ward of plymouth ?
how many councillors are in plymouth's council ?
how many councillors are eligible for the city council ?
what is the name of france's city council ?
in what year did plymouth, plymouth, plymouth, plymouth, and united states elect plymouth city council ?
who granted plymouth the dignity of lord mayor in 1935 ?
how many councillors are in plymouth's name ?
who alternates between the conservative party and the labour party ?
who is the incumbent for 2015 - 16 ?
what is the name of the lord mayor's official residence is located at which residence ?
who gave the lord mayor residence to the city of plymouth ?
in june 2007, which street became the centre of controversy in june 2007 ?
when did the civic centre municipal office building become a listed building ?
how much did the council plan to demolition the civic centre's building in 2008 ?
what river is to the west of plymouth ?
what river is to the east of plymouth ?
what county boundaries does the river tamar form the county boundary between devon and plymouth ?
what natural body of water does plymouth and plymouth's natural body of water and the natural harbour of ?
in what year did plymouth become independent of plymouth ?
what is the name of the smaller estuary to the east of plymouth ?
what year was plymouth sound protected from the sea ?
what is the name of the flat that is on top of limestone cliffs ?
how much area does the unitary authority of plymouth occupy in square miles ?
how far is ordnance datum above the river plym above ordnance datum ?
what is plymouth sound, shores and cliffs on plymouth sound, shores and cliffs on plymouth sound, shores ?
what type of slates and shales and rock surface at the entrance to plymouth sound ?
what type of limestone does plymouth have a mixture of limestone, devonian slate limestone, devonian slate ?
what is the bulk of plymouth's city is built upon ?
what is the reason for the plymouth sound, shores and cliffs of plymouth sound, shores and cliffs of ?
what is the name of the east to west of plymouth's limestones run west from what town ?
what is to the north east of plymouth ?
rocks brought down from dartmoor to what area of the county ?
what is one of the tar tar tar tar limestone belt that was quarried at west hoe ?
what type of limestone runs west from cremyll to plymstock ?
when was the plan for plymouth to rebuild the city bombed ?
who wrote the plan for plymouth to rebuild the city bomb was published in 1944 ?
what is the north - south avenue of modern boulevards aligned east - west linked by what street did ?
who designed the new design for plymouth's city centre ?
how many parks are located in plymouth ?
what type of climate does plymouth have ?
what is the annual mean temperature in plymouth? what is the annual mean temperature in plymouth ?
which month has the least amount of temperatures in south west england compared to the coldest month in england ?
how many european winter storms are there in plymouth's early winter storms? how many european winter storms ?
along with august, what is the warmest month in england ?
what type of depression is associated with the rainfall associated with the sun's monsoons and convection are ?
what season is the atlantic depression more vigorous than the atlantic depressions are more vigorous in atlantic depressions ?
what is the average annual rainfall in atlantic city in general? how many inches of annual rainfall in atlantic ?
which month has the most variance in wind speeds in north carolina? what month has the most variance in ?
which direction does most rain fall from ?
how many hours are typical annual sunshine in coastal areas of south west england? how many hours are typical ?
what region has a favoured location when the azores high pressure area extends north - eastwards towards the uk ?
what is the coldest day in the year in june 1976 ?
when does the temperature reach 31. 6 degrees celsius on the average day of the year ' ?
how many days of the year's average day of the year will the average day of the year ?
what was the coldest day in seattle in january 1979? what was seattle's coldest day ?
in what month did the coldest day fall to 8. 8 degrees celsius's ?
how many students enroll in the university of plymouth ?
where does the university of plymouth rank in the uk in terms of size in students in the uk ?
how many staff does the university of plymouth employ ?
how much does the university of plymouth's annual income fall to ?
when was it founded ?
what is the name of the school that offers training in teacher training in the country and abroad ?
what does the university of st. mark & st. mark & st. mark & st. mark ?
what college offers media and courses that offer media ?
how many students attend the city college plymouth ?
how many years ago was the city college plymouth college plymouth college of art founded ?
how many independent colleges of art and design are within plymouth college of art and design in the uk ?
how many colleges are in plymouth ?
how many state primary phase schools are in plymouth? how many state primary phase schools are in plymouth ?
how many state secondary schools are in plymouth? how many state secondary schools are in plymouth ?
how many selective state grammar schools are in plymouth? how many selective state grammar schools are in plymouth ?
what independent school in plymouth is affiliated with plymouth ?
what is the name of the state - secondary school in plymouth ?
what famous engineering college was located in keyham ?
in what year did the royal naval engineering college close its doors to students from the royal naval engineering college ?
what was the new college named in 1959 ?
in what year did the college close its doors to students from the college at manadon ?
to what college did the college go to after the college closed in 1994 ?
what scientific institution runs research in all areas of the marine sciences in plymouth ?
what is the name of the national marine aquarium ?
what is the name of plymouth's research centre named after plymouth's marine field ?
what is the name of the joint venture between plymouth and the royal institute of british architects ?
what is a name of the other offshoot of the mba ?
what was plymouth's population in plymouth in 2011 ?
what was plymouth's population in plymouth in 2001 ?
how much more people lived in plymouth's unitary authority area population in 2001 ?
what is the average household size in plymouth ?
what percentage of plymouth's population is chinese in plymouth's 2011 census ?
what percentage of devon's gva was plymouth's gross value in the gva ?
how much did plymouth's gross value increase to plymouth's gross value in plymouth in 2013 ?
what was plymouth's gva per person in plymouth's gva ?
what was plymouth's unemployment rate compared to the national average of plymouth's gva in 2013 ?
what was plymouth's unemployment rate in 2014 ?
what percentage of the population was living in plymouth in 2014 ?
what is the life expectancy for men and women for men and women in plymouth ?
what was the average life expectancy for women in plymouth ?
what was the average life expectancy for women in south west england ?
how many people are employed in the defence sector in plymouth? how many people are employed in the defence ?
how many people are employed by the defence sector in plymouth's defence sector ?
in what year did plymouth gin distillery begin producing plymouth gin ?
what company produces plymouth gin ?
during what decade was the most widely distributed gin was widely distributed in plymouth gin production ?
how much of plymouth's income does the dockyard generate percentage of plymouth's income does the dockyard ?
what is the name of the largest cluster of marine and maritime businesses in plymouth ?
how many firms operate within plymouth ?
how many people work for the tamar science park ?
what is the name of the prominent employers of plymouth's construction company's headquarters in plymouth ?
what is the name of the market that was completed in 1959 - pannier street ?
what year was the pannier market completed ?
where does plymouth rank in terms of retail floors in the south west ?
what building was added to the property that was once a grade ii listed building at the foot of the ?
how much is the tinside pool expected to be returned to its 1930s ?
what is the name of the project of reprieve in redevelopment of plymouth council's land is ?
who launched the " vision for plymouth " project launched by plymouth ?
who backed the project of reprieve on plymouth council ?
how many people live in plymouth's detroitinium project target population ?
how many dwellings are built for the worship of the people of plymouth's detroit project is being built ?
in what year were the old drake circus shopping centre and cross car park demolished ?
when did the latest drake circus shopping centre open ?
where is tr2 built ?
what prize did tr2 win for the architecture of architecture in 2003 ?
who said the drake circus shopping centre received negative feedback before opening ?
what is the civic centre moving to ?
what is a potential demolition of the park ?
what is linked to the city centre ?
what is plymouth citybus designated as within plymouth city ?
how many miles away from plymouth does the m5 motorway travel from plymouth to the m5 motorway from ?
what road does plymouth citybus travel on ?
what is the name of the airport operated by george junction ?
what direction do regular bus services provide ?
who provides the ferry service from millbay ?
what is the name of the ferry that goes from millbay to france ?
what is the name of the three ferries that travel from millbay to spain ?
what is the name of the ferry between which the ferries are ferries between ?
what year did the ferry between stonehouse and the hamlet of cremyll operate continuously ?
what is the name of plymouth's airport ?
how far north of plymouth city's airport is plymouth city airport from plymouth city airport ?
what year will flyplymouth expect to reopen the city airport ?
who plans to reopen plymouth city airport by 2018 ?
when did plymouth railway station open ?
who runs plymouth railway station ?
what train line is also served by local train service on the tamar valley line ?
how many political parties lobbied that train services are vital to plymouth's economy is the political party in ?
what network sees trains on plymouth railway station ?
when did the rail service from the county to plymouth rail service begin to be reopen ?
how many feet of water was contained in the water ref that was breached washing distance from the wall of ?
when did network rail reopen the route from plymouth to plymouth ?
when did the rail service that was breached washing distance around 40 metres of the wall at the rail station ?
how many churches does plymouth have ?
when was the roman catholic cathedral in plymouth built ?
what is the name of plymouth's oldest church ?
what is the name of the city's oldest church ?
how many methodist chapels are in plymouth? how many methodist chapels does plymouth have ?
what was plymouth's name of the jew in plymouth's log mentioned in plymouth ?
what year was the plymouth synagogue built ?
what grade does the plymouth synagogue hold distinction as the oldest ashkenazi synagogue in the english speaking world ?
the plymouth synagogue is the oldest synagogue in the english speaking world of plymouth ?
what percentage of the population described themselves in the 2011 census ?
what percentage of the population was muslim in the 2011 census? what percentage of the population was muslim ?
what percentage of the population has a portion of people without religion ?
what is the national average of people without religion in the 2011 census ?
what percentage of the swiss population had a higher percentage of people without religion in the 2011 census? what ?
what year was union street built ?
what notable performers visited the new palace theatre in the 1930s? who did the palace theatre attract performers to ?
during the 19th century how many pubs were built in plymouth's plymouth entertainment strip ?
who did the servicemen's playground attract the servicemen's playground to plymouth ?
what outdoor event attracts tourists in august ?
when was the record for fireworks in plymouth's world record for fireworks was set ?
who was the world's record of the most amount of fireworks did plymouth's record of total ?
what university has the record for the most amount of fireworks in total ?
in what year did the music of the night become a major celebration for the queen's anniversary ?
how many people can be seated in theatre royal ?
how many people can play the drum theatre ?
how much admission does plymouth city council allow to offer ?
how many galleries does plymouth city council allow free admission in plymouth city council's plymouth city council allowing ?
in what year did plymouth's plymouth athenaeum play a theater in plymouth city's theater until ?
what is plymouth the regional television centre of plymouth ?
what is the name of the regional station where are the thunders team based ?
when did the merger with itv westcountry take place ?
what country's regional station is based in plymouth ?
what is the name of the main local radio station in plymouth ?
who plays in the fourth tier of english football league ?
what is the name of the english football league that is plymouth's fourth tier of english football league ?
what is the name of plymouth's home ground is named after plymouth's home ground ?
what is the name of plymouth's nickname was plymouth that was named after a english non - conform ?
what is the name of the non - league football club in plymouth ?
name a other sports club. name a other sports club that plymouth is named after. name a other ?
what is the name of plymouth's basketball club ?
in what year was plymouth albion rugby football club founded ?
where do plymouth football club play ?
in what year were plymouth's plymouth football club founded ?
what was the first year that the port of plymouth has been regularly held in plymouth since what year did ?
when did plymouth host the america's cup world series for nine days ?
how many days did plymouth host the america's cup world series for how many days did plymouth host ?
what year did plymouth get water from south west water ?
who supplied the water from plymouth's water supply system prior to 1973, who supplied the water to ?
when was the watercourse opened to tap the river meavy river ?
what river was the watercourse meant to tap ?
when was the devonport leat completed ?
who is responsible for waste management in plymouth ?
what water is responsible for sewerage in plymouth city ?
what is the name of the distribution of plymouth's electricity from plymouth's electricity from plymouth ?
what year did the langage power station start producing electricity for plymouth's electricity production program begin to ?
what city was the langage power station located on the outskirts of plymouth city council ?
when was plymouth borough police formed ?
what is the divisional hq of plymouth's police station is what is the divisional hq called ?
how many fire stations are in plymouth's fire stations in plymouth? how many fire stations are located ?
where are the lifeboat stationed ?
what did plymouth's plymouth borough police eventually become a part of which two areas of plymouth's ?
what is the name of the hospital in plymouth hospital ?
how far north of plymouth is derriford hospital from plymouth hospital ?
what hospital is located at derriford hospital ?
what ambulance service runs from plymouth to plymouth ?
where is the headquarters of the nhs foundation trust headquarters ?
when was the burial ground at ford park cemetery reopened ?
what is one of the cemeteries that are located at which park is efford's name is ?
what park does not allow headstones to mark graves ?
what is set into the ground at drake memorial park ?
when was the burial ground at ford park cemetery re - burial ground at ford park cemetery re - burial ?
when was the royal citadel built ?
what war was built in 1666 ?
in what year was smeaton's tower built ?
how many kilometers off shore of the island is smeaton's tower ?
what memorial commemorates the defeat of the spanish armada ?
what is the name of the early port settlement of plymouth ?
when did the pilgrim fathers leave for the new world ?
what monument did the pilgrim fathers leave for the new world in 1620 ?
how many marine species does the national marine aquarium have ?
how many listed buildings and the largest amount of cobbled streets and the largest amount of stone in plymouth ?
what is the name of the landmark trust that is open to the public who visits palmerston's ?
what direction from the city of cork is crownhill fort located on the western outskirts of cork ?
who owns the park that is located on the northern outskirts of the park that is located on the northern ?
what direction from plymouth is devonport located in relation to plymouth ?
how many waymarkers are on the devonport heritage trail ?
what beaches are beaches for plymouth ?
what is a popular name for plymouth ?
what area of somerset county is plymouth a base of ?
who designed the roland levinsky building designed by who designed the roland levinsky building ?
when was the roland levinsky building opened ?
what is the roland levinsky building the landmark building of ?
what faculty is housed at the roland levinsky building ?
where is the roland levinsky building located ?
people from plymouth are called what people from plymouth ?
what are people from plymouth called plymothians ?
from what does the term plymothians descend from ?
from what word does janners derive their name from ?
where was sir francis drake born ?
what was sir francis drake known as by the spanish ?
when did sir francis drake die ?
what disease did sir francis drake die of ?
who was the founder and first president of the royal academy ?
who painted beryl cook painted a symbol of plymouth culture? name one artist from beryl cook ' ?
where did david mckee trained his first child ?
what genre of musician was john surman's musical genre ?
who was the avant garde prepared guitarist was born in the city before the band amm ?
where does george passmore live ?
what occupation did trevor francis hold ?
what is chris axworthy from plymouth ?
who starred in the right stuff ?
what fictional president of bennett was born in plymouth ?
what occupation did dawn french hold ?
